... I m sorry but this is nt what you wanted. This was supposed to be my first time doing something like this so please forgive me if it s bad or anything. Also sorry for any errors or typos. EDIT First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy Edit First post here hope you enjoy 

that are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rulesikers are the rules

in Game o f Thronesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomes

a kid doodling i na math class accidentally creates the world s first functional magic circle i n centuries.inexplicably.omeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeome

ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.ocus i s not happy.

and End the story with the dog u p. The dog was sitting on his bed staring into space when suddenly h e heard a loud thud coming from upstairs. H e looked down at the floor where h e saw that there were no windows or doors leading outside. There were only two things left todo. One thing todo and one thing todo alone. H e walked over t o the window and opened it. Inside wasa large room filled with people dressed all in black suits and ties. They sat around a table eating lunch together. Their faces were covered by thick glasses which they wore every day. One man spoke first. Hello everyone. My name is John Smith and Ima member o f the United Nations. Today we will begin our new era o f peace. W e have come across an interesting discovery today. A small box with a note inside. Inside wasa picture o f himself holding a gun. H e took another sip from his coffee before turning away from the crowd. As soon as h e left the room h e turned back towards the door where h e heard another voice say Hey buddy what s wrong You look pretty tired today. What happened t o your head Well... well... I guess i t got stuck. That s right. Your brain has gone numb. And now you re stuck here forever. So why did nt you tell us sooner Well... I mean... I thought maybe you d understand. But then again maybe you wo nt even remember anything anymore. Maybe you ll just forget everything altogether. Either way I hope you enjoy yourself. Edit Grammar and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile

a young boy i n early twenties sits down t o eat lunch with his parents. They are both very busy working but they do n t mind. You see when you turn eighteen your powers are based o n how much money you make from selling drugs. That means that if you sell drugs then you can buy food from other people who will be able t o afford it too. But there s one problem with this power. It does n t work like that. There are no more people left alive after all. And yet here I am sitting at home watching TV while waiting for my turn. My mom looks up from her phone and says Hey honey what s wrong What happened last night Well... she starts. She turns around and walks away from me. Her eyes widen as she sees me standing there staring back at her. Oh nothing really. Just... just stay calm. We ll talk later. As soon as we get home I m gon na go check on my dad. He needs help getting ready for work tomorrow morning. Thanks Mommy. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation  

and all the other planets. Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book

ive been doing this for years now and i still ca nt figure out how it works. I ve never really had much luck with people but when you re in charge of everything there s no way around it right Well maybe if I could just get rid of them then maybe I d be able to live without having to worry about getting caught or worse yet having to deal with all these shitheads trying to convince themselves that Ima genius. But noooooo... They re wrong. My name is John Doe. Ima year old man living on the streets of New York City. I work at a local coffee shop where I spend most of my days watching TV reading books etcetera. When I was younger I used to think that I would be able to solve problems by solving them myself. Nowadays I m pretty sure that I can solve anything without having to worry about getting caught or worse yet having to deal with all these idiots trying to convince themselves that Ima genius. So here I am sitting at home watching TV while waiting for someone else to come along. A woman walks into the room wearing an expensive suit and tie. She looks like she has seen too many movies before. Her hair is messy her eyes are dark brown and she wears glasses which look like they belong to someone else. Hello John Doe said. Hi there. How may I help you today The woman asked. Oh yeah well I guess we should start by asking each other questions about ourselves. What do you mean by being born on January st I replied. That means that you were raised by your parents right Yeah yeah. And why would they want me dead Because Ima fucking idiot. The woman laughed. Then why did nt you tell us sooner Why would they believe you anyway Because Ima fucking idiot. The woman sighed. Okay okay. Let s see how long until we meet again. We ll talk about our lives together later. As soon as the woman left I heard footsteps behind me. I turned around and saw her standing there looking confused. Hey buddy. Are you okay  

... I m sorry but this is nt what you expected. This was supposed to be a great place for people who could learn from each other s mistakes and improve themselves as much as possible. But instead they found themselves stuck here with nothing but their own problems. They had no idea how long it would take them to realize that there were other planets out there who did nt have such problems too. And yet here we are. We ve never seen anything like it before. It looks so strange. So terrifying. What if they re wrong about everything Why ca nt they just go back home and find some new friends Maybe they ll get along better than us. Or maybe they wo nt. Either way it does nt matter anymore. All that matters now is that we can finally get rid of these monsters from our world. That s why I m writing this letter. To show you how wrong you really are. You see when we first discovered the stars we thought it would be funny to watch them die off. Nowadays everyone knows exactly where they end up. There are only two ways to find out. One way to make sure nobody gets hurt or killed by them. Two ways to keep track of everything else around them. If anyone wants more please check out rCelsius Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first submission to rWritingPrompts so please give me feedback. Also sorry if there are any grammar mistakes. Edited by uGrammaw http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsxjwpyourcouncilisinthestarandthisisntwhatyouexpected. Edit Formatting and spelling. I hope you enjoyed it. I do nt know why I wrote this but I felt compelled to try something different. Hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I do nt know why I wrote this but I felt compelled to 

get back t o bed. I woke u p with a start. My eyes were wide open as if someone had just taken off their glasses. A small smile crept across m y face. It s okay honey we ll figure something out soon enough. Just stay calm. We re going t o talk about this later. As soon as I got out o f bed I walked over t o the mirror. There was nothing there except for a single reflection. A man wearing an expensive suit stood behind him. H e looked like hed seen some sort o f movie or something. His hair was messy his face was pale and h e wore glasses which made him look like an idiot. Hello Mr. Smith. How may I help you today The man asked. Well... I guess I should say that Ima little confused about why you would want t o go through all these trouble. But then again maybe its because Ima wizard. Maybe its because Ima good one. Either way I think Ill try t o explain myself better tomorrow morning. When I opened the door t o see him standing there staring into space I realized that h e did nt seem to notice m e either. Instead h e stared blankly ahead. What do you mean b y that I asked. Oh well I suppose I could tell you what happened next. First off I found myself sitting ona chair. A large wooden table sat across fromme. On top ofit was a small box containing a single sheet o f paper. Inside wasa note written i n blood. Dear Mr. Smith I hope you enjoyed reading this letter. If you liked it check out rWrittenReddit ivebeenwriting since I was little. Thanks for reading Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Spelling and grammar. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Spelling and grammar. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Spelling and grammar. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Spelling and grammar. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Spelling and grammar

omeICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

... I do nt know what happened when my parents died. My mom had just gotten home from work when she saw me standing outside her room staring into space. She looked up at me with tears streaming down her face as if she d lost something important. Her eyes widened when she realized how much pain I caused her. It s not like we could ever get rid of each other anyway right We re both dead now right So why did nt you tell us sooner Well... well... I guess I should ve known better than to ask questions like that. But then again maybe I should ve listened to my dad instead of his wife. Maybe he would ve gotten better at talking to people who were already gone. Or maybe he d never come back. Either way I m glad I found out about this. As soon as I got inside I felt something warm touch my shoulder. A small piece of paper fell off the table next to mine. This is your ticket out of here if you need anything else please call us at. Thank you for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit Edit Grammar and punctuation. I hope you enjoy EDIT Spelling errors References https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast 

and why we need you.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and technology.ikers are the new rules o f science and

be careful what you say. I ve never seen anything like this before. The first thing that came to mind was how much money i d made off selling my product and then there were those who thought they could get away with it if only they had more time than me. But then again maybe they did nt want me around anymore either. So here we are. My wife has been working on her new recipe since she was little and she s finally ready to give up hope. She says she ll take care of everything else while we re done eating our food. That night after dinner she goes downstairs and opens the fridge. Inside are two bottles of water and some foodstuffs. One bottle contains water while the other contains foodstuffs. They look like they belong there but they do nt seem to work properly. As soon as she puts them into her mouth she starts crying uncontrollably. What happened next shocked me. There was no way that someone could have done this without being able to see through the glass. When she finally calmed down she looked up at me with tears streaming down her face. You know what I m gon na do. I walked over to her and hugged her tight. We talked for hours until finally she broke down sobbing uncontrollably. Then I heard it. A loud bang followed by a flash of light. It sounded like someone hit something hard against the wall or something. Then nothing. Just darkness. After a few minutes of staring at myself in the mirror I decided that maybe I should call an ambulance. Maybe they could help me find out where I am. When I got home I found myself sitting on my couch watching TV while waiting for the police to arrive. They arrived shortly after and took me away. When they finally gave me back inside I realized that I needed to sleep. I sat down next to my computer and began typing away. I tried to ignore the text but I felt bad because I knew that if I kept writing this I might die. Eventually I managed to open the door and step outside. I saw the sun setting behind us and smiled. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMati

outofthe siteofacommentsxzwpthecrowdswithanastoryofbeingdrownedbyancientpeople See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethelastmanonearthandtheyreallgoingtobereveryoneelsehasbecomeasafecontrolledbyancientpeople References Note This is my first time responding to a prompt so please be gentle EDIT I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here goes... The last man on earth sat alone in his room staring into space. He had no idea how long he d been asleep or why he was there. His eyes were closed as if they were trying to open them again. A few moments later he heard footsteps coming down the hallways. They sounded like someone walking towards him. Hey buddy what s up You re awake. What happened You asked me to come over here and tell you about our new found freedom. Well... yeah. We ve got ta go now. Let s head home. As soon as we leave the building I ll explain everything. You turned around and walked away from the door. When you came back inside you noticed something strange. There was nothing else in sight except for the walls and floorboards. It seemed like every single person who lived here had died instantly. That s when you realized that they did nt seem to notice anything odd either. Instead they kept staring at you. Eventually they stopped moving altogether. All except one person. She stood there frozen. Her face was covered in blood. She tried to speak but nothing came out. Then suddenly she spoke again. Hello. How are you feeling today Yeah I guess so. Are you okay Yes sir. Just wanted to ask if you needed help getting rid of your body. Oh yeah Well then let me take care of myself. Thanks. You took off running after her. After several minutes you reached the end of the road where you found yourself standing outside a large building. Inside was a small room filled with  

APPROMISE YOU THINK YOU CAN JUST REPLACE ME I m sorry but this is nt what I wanted. This was supposed to be my life before I met her. She had blonde hair and blue eyes that shone like diamonds in the sun. Her skin was pale as ice and she wore glasses which made her look like an idiot. But then again maybe it s because Ima little older than her. Maybe its because Ima bit younger too. Either way I guess I ll find out soon enough. As I walked down the street towards my car I noticed something strange about him. He seemed to have no fear or worry about anything else than himself. It took me a moment to realize that he was actually looking directly into mine. What do you mean by that I asked. Well... he began. You re not supposed to talk about yourself. That s right. And why would anyone want to kill me Because Ima fucking idiot. So what happens next I thought to myself. Then suddenly everything went black. My head hurt so bad that I could barely breathe. When I woke up I found myself standing on top of a hill overlooking the city. There were people everywhere. Some were crying others were laughing some were hugging each other. A few even tried to run away but they all fell down onto their knees. They looked scared. I felt bad for them. I knew that if I did nt get rid of these idiots soon enough I d probably die alone. So I sat there staring at him. His face lit up as he realized that I was there. Hey buddy how s it going I asked. Good good. How are you feeling today Yeah I replied. Are you okay I asked. Oh yeah well... I guess I should tell you something. We ve got some problems right now. Do you need help getting rid of these idiots I nodded. Sure thing buddy. Let s go. ive been trying to figure out how to use this thing since i was little. Any tips or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

a stranger that changed your life. ive never written anything like this before s o any feedback would b e appreciated. Thanks for reading I f you enjoyed i t please check out more stories a t rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This i s m y first time doing something like this s o I apologize i f there s some grammar errors o r spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. Edit Formatting Comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments

in your favourite fictional universe the villain won. I t s one year later.omeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeomeome

notepad. The note was written by me when I first started working here. It had been there since before anyone could even remember what happened after they got their first job as an accountant at a local bank. My name is John Smith and Ima year old man living in New York City. I ve never really done much else with my life except work as an accountant at a small firm called Apple. When I first arrived here I thought it would be fun to go back home and live out my days as a normal person. But then I saw him sitting on his couch watching TV. He looked like he d seen something before. His hair was messy his eyes were dark brown and his skin was pale. What s wrong buddy You re going crazy. How did you get into my house Well... well... I guess we should call it a night then. We ll see if we can figure out where you went wrong or why you re here. And so I walked over to him and sat down next to him. Hey buddy how s it going. Yeah great. Let s get started. As soon as I finished talking to him I turned around and ran away from the room. That night I woke up feeling refreshed. I felt alive again. Then suddenly everything changed. Everything became brighter than ever. There was no longer any light source. No sound whatsoever. Just darkness. I tried to move my arms but they would nt budge. I heard footsteps coming closer. They sounded like someone knocking on the door. I opened the door and saw them standing outside. Their faces were covered by thick glasses which made them look like they belonged there. Hello sir. Are you okay Yes sir. Just... please come inside. I followed them inside. Inside was a large room filled with computers. All of them were connected together by wires and tubes. In front of me stood a woman dressed in black robes. She held her hands behind her head and stared at me blankly. Hi John. How are you feeling today  

you are nt alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I m not alone. I

overed in blood. I ve never seen anything like it before. My dad was always so proud when he saw me when we were kids but now... well maybe not anymore. Maybe I should just go home and sleep instead of trying to get up again. But then again maybe there s nothing wrong with being alive right Well at least I can finally talk to my mommy. She wo nt be able to hear me anyway so maybe she ll never forgive herself for leaving us behind. As soon as I got into college I started working as an accountant at a local firm where I made enough money to buy food and clothes. Then one day while walking down the street my dad stopped dead in his tracks. His eyes widened as he looked around frantically. What happened Dad asked himself. Dad... I said softly. It seems like your father died yesterday morning. That s right son. And why would anyone want to kill themselves Because they re afraid of dying. They ca nt even remember their names anymore. So they try to convince themselves that they ll never die again. But instead they find themselves staring into nothingness. There are no stars or planets anywhere except for one thing. A small box with a note inside saying Do nt worry about your father. We ll figure something out eventually. Thanks Dad. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and

umans are the dominant force o n our solar system. They have been around since before man even knew how t o use their own light source. Their bodies are made from metal and their minds are made from plastic. However when they die their soul goes into storage where i t will neverbe used again. This means that every time someone dies their body willbe taken away from them. And then there s me. Ima human being who can see through walls and ceilings. I can hear everything around m e except for one thing. A loud bang followed by a flash of light. My eyes open wide as I look down at myself. I m wearing an old suit with a red tie. M y hair i s messy and tangled. I feel like I should b e dead. But instead I just sit there staring at myself. What happened Where am I Who are these people Why did they leave me here I ask myself. There was nothing else left for m e t o do except wait. Waiting until they came back home. When they finally arrived. I looked down atmy hands. They were covered i n blood. I tried t o stand u p but I fell onto the ground. I felt something hitmy head. Then suddenly everything went black. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would b e greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories a t rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

apers. The first thing I noticed was how much blood had been spilled on my hands when I tried to take care of them. It seemed like every single one of those things would be gone if they d stayed alive longer than me but then again maybe it s because Ima little older than them. After all who knows what happens after death right Well at least I can get some sleep tonight. As soon as I woke up today morning I knew something was wrong. My wife looked at me with tears streaming down her face. She did nt seem to understand why she d done such a thing or even if she could have known better than to try and save us all. But then again we re not exactly sure how many people die every day from disease or injury right So maybe it does nt matter anymore. Maybe it does nt matter at all. Either way I m glad I got rid of these things. They re probably going crazy right now. And besides there are no more animals left alive. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know

apers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers

noticable lie.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the

.ikers are now the norm. I ve never seen anyone like me before but this was different. This guy had no idea how much money he d made off selling drugs or alcohol so when he saw me standing there with my hands behind my back staring into space he knew something was wrong. He looked down at himself in the mirror and said You re not supposed to be here. What s wrong with you Why ca nt we go home I asked him. Well... he began. It seems like we should have known better than to trust each other. But then again maybe we did nt want to risk losing our jobs altogether. Maybe we could ve done something better than try and find someone else. So why am I here Because Ima fucking idiot. And if you think about it I m pretty sure I ll die soon anyway. That s right. We ll see if we can figure out where I am before we start fighting again. As soon as I finished speaking the door opened and two men walked inside. One wore an expensive suit with a red tie while the other carried a small knife. Both had dark hair and blue eyes. They both smiled at me as they approached me. Hey buddy. How are you feeling today Yeah I replied. Good. Let s go. They led us through a hallway filled with doors leading outside. There were several other people sitting around a table eating lunch together. One man sat down next to me and took off his glasses. His face lit up when he realized who I was. Hello Mr. Smith. How may I help you today He asked. Oh nothing special. Just trying to make ends meet. Are you okay Yes sir. I answered. Do you need anything else Sure thing sir. Thank you. He handed me a bag full of food and water. When I got home I found myself staring at the ceiling wondering why I even bothered looking through the window anymore. After a few minutes of thinking I decided to call the police. They arrived shortly after and took me away. I spent most of the night sleeping  

come with me. I m sorry but this is nt what you expected. This was supposed to be my first time doing something like this so please forgive any mistakes or grammatical errors. Also thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit Edit Grammar and punctuation. I hope you enjoy EDIT Fixed some spellinggrammar issues See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsjwpyourcrowdhasbecomeanastoryandtheyreallgoingtobereveryoneelsecommentstzkxh context Disclaimer This is my first submission here so any feedback would be appreciated EDIT Added more details about the disease. It s called The flu. It causes people to become sick with it. They can die instantly from it or even longer than they already have. But if they do nt get better soon enough then they ll probably never see each other again. So far we ve only found one person who survived. He had no idea how long he d been infected until he died from it. When he finally got sick enough to survive he decided to take his own life. His wife left him shortly after her husband passed away from cancer. She said she loved him more than anything else in the world and wanted to spend eternity together again. After all she knew that he was such an amazing person. And now here I am sitting on my bed staring into space wondering why I did nt think sooner. Maybe I should try harder tomorrow morning. Edit fixed some grammar issues References http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsjwpyourcrowdhasbecomeanastoryandtheyreallgoingtobereveryoneelsecommentstzkxh context Disclaimer This is my first submission here so any feedback would be appreciated EDIT Added more details about the disease. It s called The flu. It causes people to become sick with it. They can die immediately from it or even longer than they

all went dark. I woke u p with a start. There were no lights or sounds coming from anywhere else except for my own breathing. My heart rate increased as i tried t o get out but then again maybe this was just some sort o f hallucination. After about minutes o f trying t o move around I finally managed t o make it out o f the forest. A small clearing filled with trees with grasses that looked like they belonged there. They seemed tobe growing taller every day. But then again maybe this was nt such a bad thing after all. I walked over t o one o f these things and took off running towards its surface. When I got close enoughI noticed something odd about its surface. It did n t seem tobe made out o f wood or metal. Insteadit was made out o f some kind o f material called carbon dioxide. What the hell I thought t o myself. Then I remembered what happened last night. I had been walking down the road when suddenly I heard someone yelling something behindme. Hey buddy what s going o n Where am I Who are you I asked him. H e turned around and saw m e standing there staring at him with wide eyes. His face lit u p and h e began crying. Oh god... I whispered. This guy mustbe dead. How can h e possibly survive this long without being able t o speak I ran after him until I came across another man sitting next t ome. He wore an old fashioned suit and tie. His hair was messy and tangled and h e had dark brown eyes. Hello sir. Are you okay Yeah yeah I replied. Are you sure you want t o come inside tonight Sure thing sir. Just stay here until morning. Thank you. I followed him outside. Inside I found myself surrounded b y people dressed all in black. Some were holding guns others held knives. One woman stood next t ome while another held a gun pointed directly atmy head. She smiled and waved her hand. Welcome back Mr. Smith. ive never seen anyone like you before. she said. I nodded

in response. I m sorry but this is nt what you expected. This was supposed tobea simple job. We d go through some tests and see how many people would live there then we d give them their own names and then we d leave them alone until they got used t oit. But when you re an immortal being who can travel through time and space without having t o worry about getting caught u p there s nothing wrong with being able t o see everything from your own eyes. And yet here we are. A few weeks ago I saw something strange onmy way home from work. It looked like someone had taken off their helmet and put it on. When I asked why they did nt just put it back on and walk away from me I realized that they could nt move either. That s when I decided t o try something different. I started walking towards the door. As soon as I reached itI heard footsteps behindme. They sounded like someone knocking on the door. Then suddenly everything went black. I woke u p ina hospital bed surrounded by doctors and nurses. There were two men standing overme. One wore a white lab coat and carried a clipboard while the other held a syringe filled with blood. Both had dark hair and blue eyes. Their faces were covered i n scars from all sorts o f injuries. The doctor said that h e would take care o f everything until he found someone else who could help him. After a moment the man spoke again. You r e not supposed tobe here. Please come inside. The doctor led m e inside. Inside wasa large room filled with computers and monitors. On each monitor displayed various pictures of animals. Some showed dogs others showed cats. All of these photos depicted a woman holding her child. She smiled atme as she entered. Welcome t o Hell. ive never seen anyone smile before. I nodded slowly. Thank you sir. I hope you enjoyed reading this story If you liked it check out rWrittenReddit See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoing

the man said. He looked around at his surroundings. There were no windows or doors just empty space with nothing else on it except for a single table which sat down next to him. His eyes widened when he saw what appeared to be an old wooden chair with a small wooden handle. It had been sitting there since before anyone could even remember its name. A few seconds later he heard footsteps coming closer. They sounded like they came from somewhere behind him. Then suddenly everything went black. The man woke up in a hospital bed surrounded by people who all seemed confused by what happened. What do you mean you re not dead yet You ve never died before right Well yeah but why would anyone want me dead anyway Why would they need me to live forever Because Ima fucking idiot. And then he realized what happened. There was no way that this guy could have survived this long without being hit by something. So instead of trying to get out of bed he took off running towards the door. As soon as he got inside he noticed that everyone else was gone too. Everyone except for him. He ran until he reached the end of the hallway where he found himself standing outside a large building. Inside was a room filled with computers and monitors. On each monitor displayed various pictures of people who lived through the war. Some showed images of animals others showed images of humans. All of these photos showed the same thing. A picture of a woman holding her child while another showed a young girl playing with her dog. In front of him stood a man wearing a white suit and tie. Hello Mr. Smith. How may I help you today The man asked. Oh well I guess we ll see each other tomorrow morning. The man replied. Good luck. The man left the room leaving the room. When he arrived home he found himself staring at the ceiling wondering how many times he d seen these pictures. Maybe it was because he did nt know where they were coming from or maybe it was because he wanted to forget everything about them altogether. Either way he decided to take a walk outside. After walking for several minutes the man finally reached the front porch. Inside was a small wooden box containing a note. Dear Mr. Smith I am glad you are here today. Your family has always

only the Romans are very good at their jobs. They re also very smart. But they do nt know how much longer we can keep doing this. The Romans had no idea what they were doing when they started out. It s hard enough being an emperor without having your own people around but now that they ve got me here I think it might be time for them to learn from us. My name is Alexander and Ima member of the Roman Army. We were born into poverty when we grew up but eventually managed to get by without any problems. Our parents were both very successful businessmen so they spent most of their days working together. When they finally moved away from home they found themselves living in a small town called New York City where everyone knew each other well enough to talk about anything from politics to sports. So far nothing has changed except for one thing. One thing that seems different about them though. Their eyes are bluegreen with red pupils. That s odd because they look like they could use some water. Maybe it was because they did nt want to go outside anymore or maybe it was because they wanted to stay inside. Either way I guess I ll find out soon enough. As I walk down the street towards my car I hear someone yelling something behind me. Hey buddy what s up You re late. What happened Where am I Who are you Why ca nt you move I ask him. He looks confused. Well... he says slowly. You re supposed to come back tomorrow morning. And then he turns around and runs off into the night. I sit there stunned. How could someone possibly have done such a thing Why would anyone want to leave their house Because they re afraid of dying. That s why they keep coming back. Every day I wake up and head downstairs to eat breakfast. After eating I take off running toward my car. As I drive I notice something strange. There s no sign of any kind of animal anywhere else. No animals whatsoever. Just empty streets. Then suddenly everything stops. Everything goes black. I feel a sharp pain in my chest. I open my eyes and see myself standing in front of a mirror. I m wearing a white shirt and jeans.  

opic vision is the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only way t o see what your life wouldbe like.ikers are the only

The root password for the universe is discovered. nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp

yICLE.YC. The first thing I noticed was how much mana there were in my body when I started playing. It took me years before I realized what happened next. My parents told me stories about how they used their powers to make money off of selling drugs or alcohol and then one day someone decided to try it on themselves. They went through some pretty rough times at first but eventually managed to get by without any problems. After all if they could afford it why should nt they care about us anyway We re not exactly rich right Well maybe we ll find out soon enough. As far as I know we ve never really had any problems with our abilities before. But now... well let s see what happens when we do. First off there are no rules around them anymore. There are only laws. Second there are no rules at all. Third there are no laws at all. Fourth there are no laws at all. Fifth there are no laws at all. Sixth there are no laws at all. Seventh there are no laws at all. Ninth there are no laws at all. Tenth there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all. eleventh there are no laws at all  

ome. I ve been revived by my own player. He s not even sure if he can see me anymore. His eyes are wide open his mouth agape. What do you mean he asks himself. Well... I guess we ll just have to wait until tomorrow morning then. As soon as he gets home from work he walks over to where I lay on the ground. There s nothing else left except for him sitting there staring into space. A few seconds pass before he speaks again. Hey buddy how s it going I ask. Good good. How about we go get some food from the fridge then We re gon na need it later tonight. Yeah sure thing man. Let s head down to the store. I walk towards the door and open it. Inside there s no one else in sight except for him. Hey buddy what s wrong I yell. Nothing really. Just wanted to make sure everyone knew what happened. Oh yeah Well maybe they should nt have done this. Maybe they did nt want us dead either. But hey at least we could live without them forever. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethelastmanonearthandtheyreallgoingtobereveryoneelseintheworld Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Sorry about that. Edit Formatting and spelling. I hope you enjoy. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies

ic. Suicidal person realizes h e can not diea suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i na suicide i

... I m sorry but this is nt what I wanted. This was my idea when I first started working here. My parents were always so supportive of me growing up and they d never let me go without them. They even gave me some money from their bank account to help pay off my debts. But now Ima hero. A villain who can save lives. And yet here we are. We re all going through our own phase. It s hard enough being a superhero without having your powers. So many people think Ima monster or something like that. That s why I m here today. To help them get rid of these villains. If only they knew how much money I made off selling drugs. Maybe they would ve saved us all. Or maybe they did nt care enough about us to bother trying anymore. Either way I guess I ll find out soon enough. As I walk down the street towards my car I hear someone knocking on my door. Hey buddy what s up What happened You look like you need some help. Yeah yeah I replied. How long have you been doing this I asked him. About two weeks now. Do you know where I can find someone who will take care of everything I need He nodded slowly. Sure thing man. Let s go inside. I opened the door and stepped outside into the cold winter air. There were no cars parked anywhere nearby so I decided to walk over to one of those houses. Inside was a large room filled with computers and monitors. On each monitor displayed various pictures of various superheroes. Some showed images of villains others showed videos of heroes fighting each other. One picture showed a young girl holding her mother s hand while another showed a woman wearing a red dress. All these photos made sense because they seemed familiar. Then suddenly there was another image showing a young boy standing next to a computer screen. His face was covered in scars and bruises. He wore glasses which made him look like an idiot. He spoke softly into the microphone. Welcome back Mr. Keymaster. ive never seen anyone like you before. I said. 

in the present. I ve been dead for years now i m not sure how long it s been but when you die you re reborn as someone else. That s right. And then there was this one guy who had his whole life ahead of him and then he got stuck here forever. So he decided to go back home and live out his days as an atheist. But instead of going through all those things again he went through some pretty rough times. First off he started getting sicker and sicker until eventually he stopped breathing altogether. Then he started having trouble sleeping at night. Finally after several weeks of trying to get rid of him he finally gave up on life altogether. After about months of living alone he finally died of cancer. It took me about two weeks before I realized something was wrong. My body did nt work anymore. There were no more people around. No one seemed to notice me either. When I woke up one morning I saw myself standing next to a mirror. A man wearing a white robe walked into the room. Hello Mr. Smith. How may I help you today The man asked. Well... I guess I should say goodbye then. What do you mean by that I replied. Oh yeah well let s see if we can figure out where I am. Where am I Who are you Why ca nt I move forward I thought about asking him why he would leave but decided against it. Maybe he d understand. So let s start by saying that Ima god. A god who has created everything around us. Everything except for one thing. A small box. Inside was a note written in blood. Dear Mr. Smith We hope you enjoy your stay here. Yours sincerely God. Sincerely yours ive never seen anyone like you before. Please take care of yourself. Love Yours sincerely God. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit

not human. I m sorry but this is nt what I expected. This was supposed to be my first time writing something like this so please forgive me if it s bad or anything. Also sorry for any errors or typos. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I do nt know why I did nt just write about how I felt when I woke up from death but it seemed like such an interesting idea at the time. EDIT Fixed some spelling mistakes. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first attempt at one of these prompts and I hope you enjoyed It was fun though. Hope you liked it. Edit fixed some grammar issues. Edited by uLunaLovewell http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsjwpyourselfinthepastlifeandnowhereelse References https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsjwpyourselfinthepastlifeandnowhereelse See also Related Articles Comments Off on How to Write a Story about Death https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsjwpyourselfinthepastlifeandnowhereelse ive been trying to get better at it since high school. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. edit added more details about myself. My name is Luna Lovewell and Ima year old girl from New York City who lives alone with her parents. She works as an accountant at a local bank and she loves being able to pay off debts without having to worry about getting caught up in debt again. Her mother died when she was young and her father left him after he lost his job as an engineer. They never really talked much though because they knew each other well enough that they could talk often enough to pass up conversations over dinner every night. When they finally got married Luna moved into a small apartment building near downtown Manhattan where she spent most of her days playing video games and watching TV shows. One day while walking down the street she saw someone standing next to her. He looked familiar but he also seemed to have

a god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers.apers. You area god that hunts other godsapers. You area god that hunts other godsapers. You area god that hunts other godsapers. You area god that hunts other godsapers. You area god that hunts

apers. The hero was always there when I needed him most but he never came back. He d just sit down on my couch watching TV while I waited for him to come back. When he did nt I would try to convince myself that maybe if I could get rid of him then maybe I could finally move on from here. Maybe I could make something better than this. But no matter what happens I ca nt help but feel bad for him. It s not fair. Ima good guy right And yet here we are. We re all heroes right Well except for one thing. Our powers are so much more powerful than theirs. They can fly around in space without having to worry about getting caught by someone else. That s why they call us heroes. To protect humanity from those who might hurt themselves or others. So far so good. Nowadays everyone knows exactly where they are going. There are no rules around it anymore. All you need to do is wait until someone finds you before they start killing each other again. If anyone finds out about this please let them know immediately. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first submission to rWritingPrompts and I hope you enjoyed it Edit Grammar and punctuation. Also sorry if there are any grammar mistakes. EDIT Fixed some spelling errors. Edited by uGrimMiner http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaretheheroofmystoryandthisisntsooephedaywhenyourvillainhasbecomeacommentsuwpeveryoneelseisgoingtobeastasapowerfulandtheyrealljustanotherpersonalityinthisworldcommentstjzkxh context References https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaretheheroofmystoryandthisisntsooephedaywhenyourvillainhasbecomeacommentsuwpeveryoneelseisgoingtobeastasapowerfulandtheyrealljustanotherpersonalityinthisworldcommentstjzkxh context ivebeenwritingprompts since i was little. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first submission to

a man i n his early twenties sits downat his desk and starts typing away. I m sorry but this is nt what you expected. This was supposed t o bea good day for me. But then again maybe its just because Ima little older than you. Maybe its because hes not really dead yet. Either way it does nt matter anymore. The only thing keeping him alive is his wife who has died years ago. She was always such an asshole when she came home from work one night after being hit bya car while driving home from school. Her body had been found lying there with blood pooling around her head. It looked like she d fallen asleep on the couch. When she woke up she saw me standing over her. What happened next shocked her. My eyes widened as I realized how much I hated myself. How could someone possibly know about us We re all dead right And yet here we are. All these people who ca nt even remember their own names. All trying to figure out why they wo nt come back. Why they ll never meet again. Because they wo nt ever see each other again. That s right. Every time someone tries to kill themselves they end up getting killed by another person. Some people say that if they try hard enough they can get away with it others think that they should try harder than that. So far so good. Nowadays everyone knows exactly where they are going. There are no rules anymore. Everyone knows everything about themselves except for one thing. Their names. They re called names. And they re all very different. Some people call themselves names like John Doe others call themselves names like Sarah Jones. Others call themselves names like Jameson. But none of these names seem familiar. They look familiar. I feel bad for them. I wish I could tell them everything. Maybe someday they ll understand why I did nt want to live anymore. Or maybe they ll forgive me. Whatever happens I hope that someday they will find happiness somewhere else. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

it was originally written by uGothamCelsius but after being around since then i m starting to get bored. The only thing keeping me going is the fact that Ima little late to the party here so please let me know what you think. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit for more stories Edit Grammar and punctuation. Also sorry if there s no formatting issues with this one. EDIT Fixed some spelling errors. Edited by uGothamCelsius http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethebestatwritingpromptswithanastoryasapointtoobituary References https www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcYk See also Related Articles Comments Off on How to Write a Story in the Future https www.youtube.comwatch vbKjTzRpEo I ve always wanted to write something like this but never had the courage or motivation to do it myself. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Disclaimer This is my first time responding to a prompt so any criticism would be greatly appreciated. Also thanks for all the gold guys. See ya later. edit fixed some grammar issues. Edited by uGothamCelsius http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethebestatwritingpromptswithanastoryasapointtoobituary ive never written anything like this before. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also thanks for all the gold guys. See ya later. edit fixed some grammatical errors. edited by uGothamCelsius http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethebestatwritingpromptswithanastoryasapointtoobituary ive never written anything like this before. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also thanks for all the gold guys. See ya later. edit fixed some grammatical errors. edited by uGothamCelsius http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethebestatwritingpromptswithanastoryasapointtoobituary ive never written anything

apers are now the norm. I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... The first thing that came to mind was how much time had passed since my last transformation. It seemed like forever since anyone d actually done anything wrong with themselves or even worse yet they did nt seem to care about me anymore. But then again maybe there s something else going on too. Maybe it does nt matter anymore. Either way I guess I ll find out soon enough. As I walked down the street towards my car I heard someone yelling something about a new monster coming out of nowhere. That s when I realized that he was actually a gargoyle. His eyes were wide open his mouth agape as if he wanted to scream. And his nose was big enough to fit through the hole where he used to be. So I decided to drive away from him until I could get home. When I arrived at my house I found myself staring at a large screen displaying pictures of people who looked exactly alike. They all wore black suits with red tie and white shirt. Some even had horns protruding from their heads. One guy even had wings that stretched across his body while another carried a small child. All of these people were smiling and laughing while others stared at me blankly. Then suddenly everything went dark. My vision blurred as I tried to move my arms but they would nt budge. Suddenly I felt a sharp pain in my chest. I fell backwards onto the floor. A few seconds later I woke up on a bed surrounded by animals. There was nothing else left except for the walls which seemed to glow brighter than usual. I sat up slowly and noticed that everyone else was still asleep. Everyone except for me. What happened next shocked me. I stood there frozen. I could hear footsteps approaching from behind me. I turned around and saw a man standing over me. He held a gun pointed directly at my head. You re awake he said. Yeah yeah I replied. How are you feeling today he asked. Good good I answered. Well... well... I mean... I guess we should call you gargoyle. That sounds great he laughed. 

onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t o make i t easier for people to read.onyms are added t 

a Jedi Knight achieves true balance between the light and the dark side. H e become a grey Jedi. ive never written anything like this before s o any feedback would b e appreciated. Thanks for reading I f you enjoyed i t please check out more stories a t rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

... I m sorry but this is nt what we expected. This was supposed to be our first time doing something like this so please forgive me if it s bad or anything. Also thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit Edit Grammar and punctuation. I hope you enjoy EDIT Fixed some spelling errors See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastasacademycwpeveryonehasbecomeanarchistandtheyrealljustanotherpersonalityinthisworldcommentstjzkxh context Disclaimer This is my first submission here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading Edit fixed some grammar issues References http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastasacademycwpeveryonehasbecomeanarchistandtheyrealljustanotherpersonalityinthisworldcommentstjzkxh context Disclaimer This is my first submission here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I ve always wanted to write something like this but i cant seem to find the right words. Any tips or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I ve always wanted to write something like this but i cant seem to find the right words. Any tips or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I ve always wanted to write something like this but i cant seem to find the right words. Any tips or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I ve always wanted to write something like this but i cant seem to find the right words. Any tips or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I ve always wanted to write something like this but i cant seem to find the right words. Any tips or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I ve always wanted

oudly. The loophole was simple enough to use but it did nt work like that. It took me about minutes to figure out how to get rid of him without having to worry about getting caught or worse yet being sent back home again. My first thought was that he d probably die anyway so maybe I should just give up on life altogether. But then again who would want to live forever anyway right So here we are. A man in his early twenties sitting at a table with two chairs opposite each other. He looks up from his book as he sees me standing there looking down on him. What do you think he says. Well... I guess I ll see what happens next. As soon as I hear your voice I feel like I need to tell you something. You re not supposed to talk about yourself. That s fine though. Just let me explain myself. Ima lawyer. And I ve been working hard lately. I m sure everyone knows what happens when someone dies. They go through hell and back again until finally they come across something interesting. A loophole in the systemastyou.omesomesICLE. This means that if they try to kill themselves or harm others they can only use their own body as well. If they want to live forever they must use theirs too. So far so good. Nowadays most people use theirs as weapons against each other. Some even use theirs to fight off demons. But none of these things work anymore. There are no more angels left alive. All except for one thing. Adolf Hitler. He s dead. And he has no idea why. Maybe it s because he knows something important or maybe it s because he ca nt handle being around people anymore. Either way I ca nt help but wonder if he really wants to die. If he does nt want to go anywhere happy then why should he care about anything else than himself Why would he ever want to leave his family behind Because they re gone. They wo nt ever see each other again. They wo nt hear from each other again. Then suddenly Adolf Hitler walks away from the courtroom and turns towards the door. Inside  

inexplicably. The portal was opened by an unknown force and it took us years before we realized what happened. We had no idea how long it would take us to find out if there were any other planets left or not but when we did nt know better than to try they decided that it would be best to leave their home behind. So instead of going back into our own world they started using their technology to create weapons that could kill anyone who tried to fight them off. It took them months to figure out how to use these weapons properly though eventually they managed to get rid of most of us. After some time they finally gave up on trying to kill each other altogether and went back inside. When they came across something strange they asked if anyone knew where they were going. There was nothing wrong with them though because they seemed happy enough. Then one day they saw me standing outside their house looking down at myself in the mirror. My eyes widened as I looked up at them. What s wrong kid You re not supposed to look like that. I said trying to sound calm. Well... yeah. But why Because Ima scientist. And I m pretty sure I ve never seen anything like it before. He replied. Yeah well maybe you should go check on your parents. Maybe they ll be fine. I nodded slowly. Sure thing dad. As soon as I got inside I ran upstairs and grabbed my keys. When I opened the door I noticed that everyone else was gone except for me. Everyone else was staring at me blankly. I walked over to where he sat and put my hand on his shoulder. Hey buddy. How s it going I asked him. Good. Just fine. Do you want to talk about something else Sure thing son. Let s go. I followed him down the hallways until we reached our destination. As we approached the front desk I heard footsteps coming closer. I turned around and saw a woman sitting across from me. She wore a white dress shirt and jeans. Her hair was tied back into a ponytail and she smiled at us. Welcome to Earth. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at

all day long. I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes. The following was written by uGrammaw https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethebestpresidentoftheunitedstatesandtheyreallgoingtobereveryoneelsecommentstjwpyourcouncilisintheyearsofflyouknowthatthisisntmystorybuthereitgoes. This is my first time responding to a prompt so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit Grammar and punctuation. Also sorry about formatting errors. EDIT Fixed some spelling mistakes. Edited by uGrammaw http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethebestpresidentoftheunitedstatesandtheyreallgoingtobereveryoneelsecommentstjwpyourcouncilisintheyearsofflyouknowthatthisisntmystorybuthereitgoes. edit fixed some grammatical errors. edited by uGrammaw http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethebestpresidentoftheunitedstatesandtheyreallgoingtobereveryoneelsecommentstjwpyourcouncilisintheyearsofflyouknowthatthisisntmystorybuthereitgoes. edit fixed some grammatical errors. edited by uGrammaw http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethebestpresidentoftheunitedstatesandtheyreallgoingtobereveryoneelsecommentstjwpyourcouncilisintheyearsofflyouknowthatthisisntmystorybuthereitgoes. edit fixed some grammatical errors. edited by uGrammaw http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethebestpresidentoftheunitedstatesandtheyreallgoingtobereveryoneelsecommentstjwpyourcouncilisintheyearsofflyouknowthatthisisntmystorybuthereitgoes. edit fixed some

apers. I ve never seen anyone else before but this was different. This was nt my first time seeing someone else s shadow. It s not even close to being able to tell if they re real or not because there are no lights on them. But then again maybe it does nt matter anymore because everyone knows what happens when you try to see yourself in front of you. So here we are. My shadowapers are all around me. They re always there waiting for me when I need them most. When I want them most they just sit down next to me and stare into space. Sometimes they even move away from me altogether. One day while walking home from school one night they stopped looking at me altogether. Instead they stared back at me with those eyes that said they knew everything about me. And then suddenly they turned around and walked off into the distance. As soon as they left I felt something strange. Something about them made me feel uneasy. Like they did nt understand why I would want to leave. After all I could hear them talking about how much fun it would be if everyone else had theirs too. That s when I realized something. There was nothing wrong with having yours. Everything seemed fine until I saw him standing over me. He wore an old fashioned suit with a red tie and black shoes. His hair was messy and his face was pale. What do you think he asked. Well... I replied. How long has it been since you last saw someone else I mean... I guess it depends on how many times you ask. About two weeks now. Do you remember when we met I nodded slowly. Yeah yeah. We went through some rough times together. We got divorced and moved out of state. Then one day I decided to take action. I started making plans. I planned on going back inside and telling everyone about my shadowapers. If anyone ever found out I told them I d give them a call. ive never seen anyone else before but this was different. This was nt my first time seeing somebody else s shadowapers. It s not even close to being able to tell if they re real or not because there are no

apers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the default.ikers are the

alive been writing this for a while but i dont know what to do with it so please let me know if you guys like it. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out my other writings at rnickkuvaas https www.reddit.comrnickkuvaascommentsvwelcome Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical mistakes. Edited by uGrimMiner http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirsttolivediscoveringcctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctvctv 

just received word from NASA that they ve found a way t o make their own clones without having t o worry about getting caught i n some sort o f mess. The first thing they did was create a small group o f scientists who were able t o create clones of themselves but then one day they decided t o leave them alone. They went back into their lab and started working on something else. A machine called the clone machine which would allow them t o clone each other without having t o worry about getting caught i n some kind o f mess. After all if there s nothing wrong with being alive then why should we care What does it matter anyway Because Ima human being afterall right And so far we ve managed t o get rid o f most o f our problems without any problems. Nowadays most people use clones for everything from food t o clothes t o shelter but there are still some who use theirs for other things too. For example when I was younger my parents told m e about how they used t o live together before the war ended. Nowadays everyone lives alone except for me. M y mom died when I was young her body went limp after being hit b ya car while driving home from school one night. She never came back. Her dad left her shortly after he passed away. He said hed never seen anyone else die before him. That s why I m writing this letter. To tell you the truth I think I might have gotten sick from being alive for so long. Maybe I ll try again tomorrow morning. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling

The apparition was tall with dark hair that fell down its back. Its eyes were wide open as if they had seen something terrible. What do you mean I asked myself. My body felt numb from all the pain. It s not like I could move or speak or anything. Just darkness. And then suddenly everything went black. I woke up on my bed with no memory of how long I d been asleep. There was nothing else around except for the sound of my heart beating against mine. Then I heard it again. A voice behind me. It sounded familiar but it did nt seem to be human. It said something about being immortal. That s when I realized what happened. This guy must have been some sort of crazy person because he started talking again. Hey buddy what s going on here You re awake now right Yeah yeah. How about we go get some coffee together Sure thing buddy. Let s head home. As soon as we leave our house I ll tell everyone everything about myself. About where I am what I want to do with my life. And then when we arrive at our destination I ll take care of everything else. Okay. Thanks man. Bye bye. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

apers.ikers are the new dominant form o f medicine. I m sorry but this is n t what you wanted. This was supposed tobe fun. You know how much money i t makes t o make people laugh right Well yeah but then again maybe its just because they re all so damn good at their jobs. Maybe its because they do nt care about anything else anymore. Either way it does n t matter anyway. The only thing keeping them sane is their own mortality rate. That s why we need you. You can help us find our way back home. And with that he left. My heart sank into my stomach as I watched him walk away from me. It felt like hours before anyone came across him. Everyone looked up at him with wide eyes. His face was pale his hair was messy. He wore glasses which made him look like an idiot. Then suddenly everything went black. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure if this is what you were looking for. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure if this is what you were looking for. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure if this is what you were looking for. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure if this is what you were looking for. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure if this is what you were looking for. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure if this is what you were looking for. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure if this is what you were looking for. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure if this is what you were looking for. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling  

whole life i s up for grabs. I ve lived my whole life i n hell and heaven but never really had much fun with it. The only thing that kept me going was my wife who always said she loved me back when we were kids. She d tell me stories about how she used t o be a demon before she died from cancer or something like that. But then again maybe she did nt care too much anymore. After all if there was ever a way t o get rid of these people without killing them then maybe it would b e better than living forever alone. So here I am sitting at home watching TV when suddenly I hear someone knocking onmy door. It s my dad. Hey Dad what s wrong What happened Where am I Who are you How can I help you today Well son... I guess I should say goodbye. You re welcome. And with that he leaves. As soon as h e gets back into his car I run outside and open the door. There s nothing special about him except for his eyes which look like they ve seen too many movies. They re also very bright. That s why I m surprised when they come around every corner. When I look inside them I realize that they re all dead except for one person. His name is John Doe. He lives alone in a small apartment building near downtown Chicago. H e does nt know where h e is or why h e exists. All h e knows is that h e needs t o find someone else. Someone who will listen t o him. Someone who understands him. Someone who cares enough about him t o care aboutme. Someone who loves him unconditionally. Someone who will always love him. Someone who will always protect him. Someone who will always give him everything he ever wanted. Someone who will always make sure h e gets along well with everyone else. Someone who will always keep him safe. Someone who will always give him hope. Someone who will always keep him alive. Someone who will always keep him happy. Someone who will always keep him sane. Someone who will always keep him  

early you were born with a large birthmark in the shape of a dragon However this is just a coincidence... There is absolutely nothing magical about itand you r e getting really tired o f explainingthisup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until now ive been trying t o explainitup until

come on. I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... The monster in my closet was always there when I needed him most. He d come over every night and sit down next to me on our bed and stare into my eyes as he slept. His mouth would open wide as if he wanted to speak but then again maybe he did nt want to talk about himself anymore. It s hard enough being alone without having someone else around to listen to you. But now... well maybe he could have done something different. Maybe he should ve gone back home instead of staying here forever. Either way I guess I ll just keep going until I find someone who will love me unconditionally. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical mistakes. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites https www.reddit.comrMatiWrites See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethemonsterinmy closetandthisisntwhatyouwerelookingforbuthereitgoes.... You re not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes.... You re not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes.... You re not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes.... You re not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes.... You re not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes.... You re not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes.... You re not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes.... You re not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes.... You re not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes.... You re not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes.... You re not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes....

awning. The door opens and you step inside. There s nothing special about this place except for the fact that there s no windows or doors leading out onto the street. It looks like some sort of room with a bed and chair but it does nt seem to have any furniture on top of it. A few people sit around me some wearing masks others just staring at me blankly. One man sits next to me his face covered by his mask. He says something about how he wants t o talk t o someone else but then turns away fromme. His voice sounds like someone trying t o say something else but I ca nt hear him overmy own ears. After a moment I realize what happened. My friend was gone when I woke u p today. H e had died instantly from an overdose. I tried calling him back but h e would n t answer. When I finally got home I found myself sitting ona chair surrounded by doctors. They all looked confused. What happened Where am I Who are these people How did they get here Why did they leave me here I asked them questions but they kept answering. Eventually I decided t o call the police. They told m e that they needed help finding someone who could help them find their way back home. That s when I noticed something strange. There were two doors leading down each side. One led into a hallway where there were many rooms filled with various instruments. On either side sat a woman dressed all in black. She held her hands behind her head and stared atme with those eyes that made you want t o cry. Her mouth opened slightly and she spoke softly into mine. Hello I said. Hi I replied. Are you okay Yeah she answered. Just... just stay calm. Do nt worry about anything. We ll figure things out together later. Thanks she smiled. And then she left. I sat there stunned. Was this some kind of joke Did she really mean to kill herself Or maybe she really wanted t o make sure everyone else knew exactly where she went wrong  

. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I

all the kids are goneawning. I ve never seen anyone like him before. He s got this weird look on his face that makes me think he might be some kind of crazy person or something. His eyes are wide open as if they were looking into my soul. And yet here we are. We re sitting in front of our computer screen staring at each other with those same green eyes. What do you mean by that I ask myself. Well... he says slowly. It seems like every single one of us has gone through some sort of phase where we ca nt even remember what happened last night. That s right. Every single one of us has gone through some kind of phase where we can barely remember anything else than how much money we made last year. So far nothing has changed. There are no more people left alive than there used to be. And yet... I feel bad about being alone. How could someone possibly know about us when everyone else seemed so happy to see us again. Maybe they did nt want to talk to anyone anymore either. Either way I guess I ll just sit down and wait until tomorrow morning. As soon as I get home I head downstairs and start making breakfast. When I arrive at my apartment building I find myself standing outside. A man wearing an expensive suit walks inside. Hey buddy what s wrong he asks. Nothing really. Just wanted to let you know that your parents died yesterday morning. They were both killed by an unknown assailant. That s great news. Now let s get started. I walk over to him and grab his hand. Hey Dad what happened I ask. Oh nothing really. Just got ta sleep. He nods. Alrighty then. Let s start with basics. First off let s say that you were born yesterday morning. Then you grew up today. How long will it take for you to realize that you re not alone anymore I shake his hand. About two weeks. Second you need to learn everything you can about yourself before you can use your powers properly. Third you need to practice using your abilities correctly. Fourth you need to practice using your abilities correctly. Fifth you need to practice using your abilities correctly. Sixth you need 

do nt know what to make of this. I ve never really had much fun with my life but i m glad that i finally got around to it. Ima little scared though because i think maybe if i could just get rid of these people then maybe i d be able to live forever. But noooooo... They re all dead now. And yet here we are. The last thing I remember before waking up was being told that i should go back home and try again. That s when things changed. My parents died when i was young so they left me alone with nothing but their memories of me growing up. When i turned eighteen they took me away from school and put me into college where i studied law. After graduating from highschool i started working as an accountant at a local firm where i made enough money to buy a house in the suburbs where i met my wife. She loved her husband dearly and she always wanted him to come home. We spent most of our days together playing video games watching movies reading books etcetera. One day while walking down the street one night she stopped by our apartment building and asked if we needed anything else. I nodded and said yes. As soon as she walked inside she looked at me with those eyes that were filled with sadness. You look like shit honey. What happened next shocked her. There was no way that someone could have done something like this. It seemed like every time she tried to kill herself she ended up getting caught or worse. Then again maybe she did nt want to die either. So instead of trying to save herself she decided to take advantage of it. She started killing everyone around her. Everyone except for one person. A man named John Doe. He lived alone and worked as a mechanic at a local gas station. His job was simple to sell cars to people who needed them most. One day while driving home from work he stopped dead in his tracks. A few seconds later he saw me standing there staring at him. Hey buddy what s wrong  

yours. I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here goes... The first thing that came to mind was the fact that my parents had died when I was young so maybe they d gone off into space or something. But then again who would nt want to be around people who could make their own universes And why did nt they just give up on life altogether Because Ima god damn idiot. So yeah. That s why I decided to become an angelic being. It took some time before anyone realized how much power I could have. When I finally got used to it though things started getting weird. My mom used her powers to create planets around us which seemed to glow brighter than usual. She said she saw them grow bigger by the day and then stop growing altogether. Her dad tried to convince himself that he should go back home and live his life as normal until he found someone else who could help him out. After all he d never seen anything like it before. Then one day while walking down the street I noticed something odd. There were no stars or planets anywhere near me except for one which looked like it belonged to another species. A giant black hole appeared above me and I felt myself falling apart. As soon as I fell onto the ground I heard footsteps coming closer. They sounded like they came from somewhere behind me. I turned around and saw them standing over me. Their faces were covered by dark circles under their eyes. What the fuck are you doing here I yelled at them. You re supposed to be dead right now. Why ca nt you move away from me I asked. Because Ima god damn idiot. He replied. Well maybe if you d listen closely enough you might understand why I m here. I told him. Yeah well let s get started. We walked through the streets until we reached our destination. As we approached the building I noticed that there was nothing inside. Inside was a small room filled with bookshelves full of papers and pictures. On each shelf sat a single sheet of paper 

nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp

iciously. The genie was nt exactly sure what he wanted but it did nt matter anyway because there were no other options left for him than to grant his wishes. He had always thought that if he could grant them then maybe they d make something better than me. Maybe I ll get married or something. But instead I got ta deal with this guy who thinks Ima genius. And now here I am sitting in front of him staring into space wondering how long until I can finally go home. My parents told me once when I was young that my father would never let me play with him because he thought I was crazy. They said that if I ever saw them again I d probably die too. So I guess I should probably start off by saying that I m sorry about everything. It s hard enough being stuck in your own head without having anyone else around. When I first started playing with him I thought that he was just some sort of weirdo who liked to talk to people. Then one day while walking down the street I heard someone yelling something behind me. Hey buddy what s up What happened Where am I Who are you Why ca nt you move You re not supposed to be here. Do nt worry though we wo nt hurt each other anymore. We ll figure things out together later. Thanks man. Bye bye. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile

. I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes. The first thing that came to mind was my name. My parents died when I was young so they left me alone with them until I got older. They never told anyone else about me because they thought Ima freakin idiot. So yeah. That s why I decided to go back home. It took some time before anyone realized how much trouble I had caused them. When I finally did get used to being able to talk to people who knew me well enough to understand why I could nt just leave. But then again maybe they d never heard of me before either. Maybe they d thought I was crazy or something. Either way I guess I ll find out soon enough. As I walked down the street towards my car I saw him sitting there staring into space. He looked like he d seen something before. His eyes were wide open his mouth agape. What the fuck is wrong with him I asked myself. Well... I mean I ve always known that I would eventually die right Yeah well I suppose I should tell you something. If you ever need anything call me. And thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethelastpersononearthandtheyreallgoingtobereveryoneelsehasbecomeacademycwpe Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Sorry about that. Edit Formatting and spelling. I hope you enjoy. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any

iciously.ikers. I ve never seen anyone like him before. He s tall with dark hair that falls down his back and he wears glasses which make him seem like an idiot. His eyes are wide open and they re staring directly into mine. What the hell happened here I ask myself. My best friend looks back at me with those same green eyes that he always had when we were kids. You know how much fun it is to play video games together Yeah well... yeah. That s why I m here today. To help you get through this hellhole. And then suddenly everything goes black. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical mistakes. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites https www.reddit.comrMatiWrites See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethebestatwritingpromptswithanacronymandactheworldwithdavidjameson References Note This was written by uLunaLovewell http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethebestatwritingpromptswithanacronymandactheworldwithdavidjameson ive never seen anyone like him before. He s tall with dark hair that falls down his back and he wears glasses which make him seem like an idiot. His eyes are wide open and they re staring directly into mine. What the fuck happened here I ask myself. My best friend looks back at me with those same green eyes that he always had when we were kids. You know how much fun it is to play video games together Yeah well... yeah. That s why I m here today. To help you get through this hell hole. And then suddenly everything went black. edit formatting and spelling issues. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites https www.reddit.comrMatiWrites  

apers. I m sorry sir but we ca nt allow this. We ve got ta keep our heads down. What s wrong with me Why did nt you tell us sooner Santa asked. Well... well... i guess it was just too much fun for me. But then again maybe i should have known better than to ask questions like that. So what do you want from me Santa said as he took out a small box from under his jacket. Inside were two large coins each containing a single dollar. One contained a picture of Santa Claus while another showed a video feed from inside the box. Both coins contained pictures of Santa Claus himself. Santa opened them up and read the words Dear Mr. Claus This is your first day here. Please take care of yourself. Your family will miss you dearly. Love Santa Claus. Santa closed the lid and placed the coin back inside. As soon as he finished reading the note Santa turned around and walked away. When he came back home he noticed something strange about the house. It seemed like there were no windows or doors leading outside. Instead there was only a single window which overlooked the street below. Santa decided to try looking inside. After several minutes Santa found himself standing in front of a large wooden door. Inside was a woman dressed in black robes. She held her hands behind her head and stared at Santa blankly. Santa tried to speak but nothing came out. Then suddenly she spoke again. Hello Santa. How may I help you today My name is Alice. And Ima little late to the party. Santa replied. Oh yeah That sounds great Alice. Do you mind if I come inside Sure thing Alice. Santa went upstairs and grabbed a chair next to her. Alice sat down next to Santa and began talking. Hey Santa. Are you okay Yeah I am fine. Just wanted to make sure you knew where I was going. Santa smiled. Good luck. Santa stood up and headed toward the kitchen. Alice followed suit and began eating breakfast. Santa watched her eat until she fell asleep. When she woke up she realized that she was still alive. Santa  

all this time i thought it would be funny to write something like this but then again maybe its just me. I do nt know what happened when we arrived here or why we re here but i think its pretty cool. The first thing that came to mind was how much money we d made off our own planet before they got too close. We had no idea where we were going or even if there were any other planets left in the solar system. But then again maybe we should ve known better than to try and find another planet. After all who knows maybe they ll never make it back. So yeah. That s why i m writing this letter. To tell you the truth Ima little surprised by how many people died off during the last few centuries. It seems like every single one of them was killed off by some sort of weapon or something. And yet here we are. A bunch of idiots trying to get away from their home planet. What kind of idiot would want to leave their home behind Because they ca nt afford to stay. They need to find someone else. Someone who can help them figure things out. Someone who will listen to them. Someone who will love them unconditionally. Someone who will always care about them. Someone who will always protect them. Someone who will always give up everything for them. Someone who will always kill themselves. Someone who will always take advantage of everyone around them. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who will always try to kill themselves. Someone who

apers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers

x post from rAskReddit Day I ve been driving for about minutes now and i cant seem to get out of bed. The sun shines down upon me as i walk through the streets of New York City when suddenly there s an explosion of light. A man wearing a black suit comes running towards me with his hands up. He looks like he was hit by something or someone but his eyes are wide open. His face is covered by blood and he has no idea what happened. What do you mean by that I ask him. Well... he says slowly. You see we re all going through our own phase right now. We ca nt really tell how long it will take us to find each other again. But if you want to know why then let me explain. My name is John Smith and Ima year old boy living in Brooklyn. And I m not even sure if I should call myself John or John Doe anymore. So far so good. When I first started working here I thought it would be fun to go back home and live with my parents until they died. That way they d never have to worry about getting sick again. Then one day while walking down the street I saw something strange. There were two people standing next to each other. One of them looked like he had just gotten off work. He wore glasses which made him look like he was holding a gun. His hair was messy and tangled and his clothes were torn apart. The other person seemed to be wearing a white shirt and jeans. Both wore sunglasses which made them seem like they were looking directly into mine. Hey buddy what s wrong I asked. Nothing really. Just wanted to make sure you did nt fall asleep. Yeah yeah. Good luck. As soon as I got up I ran over to him and hugged him tight. We talked for hours until finally he broke down crying. Hey buddy what s wrong I whispered. Nothing really. Just wanted to make sure you did nt fall asleep. Yeah yeah. Good luck. As soon as I got up I ran over to him and hugged him tight. We talked for hours until finally he broke down crying

ayers are chosen by the sun. They have no powers whatsoever but they can see through our eyes. Their eyes are bluegreen with an orange glow coming from them. When they look up at us they say that we should be afraid of them because they will try to kill us off. But when they finally come around we re all pretty sure that s just how things work right Well let me tell you something about myself. Ima little bit different than everyone else. My name is John Smith and I ve been working on this for years now. It took me months to get used to it all. After all if there was nothing else to do besides wait for the champion to come back then maybe he d finally find some way to make himself better than everyone else. So far so good. And yet here we are. A few weeks ago I woke up from my sleep and saw that my champion had gone missing. He looked like he d fallen asleep or something. Then I realized that he did nt even exist anymore. That s when I decided to call him John Smith. Hey John how s it going I asked. Good good. How are you feeling today Yeah... well... I guess I ll go ahead and call you John Smith. What happened next shocked me. There were two men standing outside my door looking down on me. One wore a black suit and tie while the other carried a large sword. Both had guns pointed directly at my head. Hey John what s wrong with you Why ca nt you move away from me I yelled. Because I m not moving. You re just sitting there staring into space. Do nt worry though I wo nt hurt anyone. Just stay calm. We ll figure things out together later. Thanks John. I nodded slowly. As soon as I got inside I noticed that the man who had spoken earlier was gone. I tried calling him back but he kept coming closer. Eventually I called him back too. Hello John. Are you okay  

. I ve never seen cats before but this one was different. This guy had dark hair that fell down over his shoulders and blue eyes that shone like diamonds. He looked at me with those same green eyes as if he d seen something special. What s wrong kid he asked. Nothing really. Just... nothing. Well maybe we should go home now. We can find some food or water or whatever. But first let me tell you about myself. Ima burglar. And I m not going anywhere anytime soon. My name is John Doe. I live alone. I work at a local grocery store. I ve always wanted to be an artist so when my parents told me that they would take care of everything else I thought it was funny. They said that if I did nt make it through college then maybe I could start working at a local coffee shop. That s why I decided to try out my new skills. When I got older I started seeing things differently. There were more people around me. People who seemed to know what they needed to hear. People who understood how much money I made off selling drugs. People who cared about me more than anything else. People who loved me unconditionally. People who hated me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to hurt me. People who wanted to destroy me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People who wanted to kill me. People

ive been doing this for years now and i still do nt know what it is about me but I just ca nt stop thinking about how much money I ve made in my life. My parents were always so proud of me when they saw me growing up. They d say that Ima good kid and they would never let me go without them. But then again maybe they did nt care too much either. After all if there s no one else around then why should we care What does it matter anyway We re all going through our own phase right So here I am sitting on my throne surrounded by people who look exactly alike except for one thing. A small smile crosses their face as they speak. Welcome back Mr. King. You may call me Prince Albus or whatever you want. It s not exactly what I expected from him either. He looks like he has nt slept in days. His hair is greasy his eyes are dark brown and his skin is pale. There s nothing wrong with being different though. Just remember that you will never be alone again. And with that he leaves. As soon as he gets back home he walks over to the window and closes it behind him. When he opens it again he sees the sun setting behind us. A few minutes pass before he hears someone knocking on the door. Hey buddy what s up What happened Where am I Who are you How can I help you today I m sorry sir but we need your help. Please come inside. I ll explain everything later. Thank you sir. I walked into the room where he sat down. He took off his glasses and put them on. Hello sir. Are you okay Yes sir. Just got ta sleep. Do you mind if I sit down Sure thing sir. Let s get started. I followed him outside. Inside was a large hall filled with bookshelves full of pictures of various kings. Some were older than others some younger than them. All of these photos showed a beautiful woman holding her child. She smiled at us as she held him close. Thank you sir. I love you too. She whispered. Then she turned

the endICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. EndICLE. End

apers are now the default. ecommentsvwpyourstoryissovenothinglyouknowthatstheyregoingtobereveryoneelsehasbecomeacommentsxzkfh context The following is an excerpt from my own work https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentshqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsxjdawpyouarethelastmanonearthandtheyvebecomeacommentsxnbsp I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... My name is John Doe and Ima year old man living on the outskirts of New York City when suddenly there was a knock at the door. It sounded like someone had knocked on my window before me but then again maybe they did nt want me around anymore. After all who would have thought that Santa would be able to get away with killing people right away Well let s see how many times he can do something like that before we go back home. As soon as I opened the door I saw Santa standing there holding his hands behind his back staring into space. His eyes were wide open and he looked scared. What are you doing here I asked him. You re supposed to be dead right now. He replied. No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no

awning. I ve never seen anyone like this before but i m sure there s something wrong with me. The first thing that came to mind was my parents were both doctors so they did nt really care much about me growing up. They d always told me that if you had any tattoos then maybe it would be better off without them. But when i turned eighteen my dad started getting sicker his eyesight became worse and he died from cancer shortly after. He spent most of his days working at a hospital while his mom worked as an accountant. When we got home from school one day she asked if she could go see her husband. We agreed and after some time she left. After a few weeks of walking around town I finally found her. Her skin was pale blue and her lips were crooked. It looked like she d been crying since she saw me. And yet here she stood standing next to me staring into space. What do you want from me I asked. Well... I guess I ll give you some advice. If you ever need anything just call me. She said. Okay okay. Let s get started. As soon as we walked through the door I felt something warm touch my shoulder. A small piece of paper fell off the table and landed on top of me. Inside was written in big bold letters. Dear Mr. Smith This letter contains information regarding your tattoo. Please take care of yourself and enjoy your rest. Your family will miss you dearly. Love Your Mommy ive never seen such beauty before. Sincerely yours Dr. James H. Jones. I stared at the note for a moment before turning away. Then I noticed something odd. There was no sign of any kind of tattoo anywhere else. No markings whatsoever. Just a blank white wall. That s odd. Maybe I should try calling someone. Maybe they wo nt answer. Either way I decided to head downstairs. As I opened the door I heard footsteps coming closer. I ran upstairs and grabbed my keys. I drove until I reached the airport where I waited outside. I waited until the flight attendant came in and gave me a hug. Thank you

all i know i m going t o die today. I ve always wanted t obea doctor but never had the courage t o ask. The only thing keeping m e alive ismy wife who has died when she was young. She was an amazing woman who loved her kids dearly and would often come home from work early t o play with them. Her husband worked hard t o pay off his debts and she spent most o f her time playing video games. When h e finally got married she moved intoa small apartment building near downtown Chicago where h e lived alone until one night while walking down the street he saw something strange. A large box sat open inside. Inside were two boxes each containing a single piece o f paper. One contained a picture of himself and another showed hima video feed from outside the window. Both pictures showed him smiling as they walked towards each other. As soon as they opened the lid the man noticed something odd about them. They looked like they belonged there. But then again maybe this was just some kind o f prank. Maybe someone else had done something similar. After reading through the pages the man decided t o take action. He put the photo down and began walking toward the door. When h e reached the front desk he knocked twice. Nothing came out. Then suddenly everything changed. Everything became dark. There was no light source anywhere except for the ceiling which lit u p brightly. The walls began shaking uncontrollably. The floorboards creaked and the walls shook too. Suddenly the man felt a sharp pain i n his chest. He fell backwards onto the ground. His head hurt and he could barely move. Suddenly the man heard footsteps coming closer. He turned around and saw two men standing over him. One wore a white shirt and jeans while the other wore a black suit. Both had dark hair and blue eyes. Their faces were covered by thick glasses which made them look like they were staring directly into the camera. Hello sir. How are you feeling today Well... well... I guess I should say good. What happened t o your body  

ina world where everybody who turns twenty learnsa reality shattering secret about the world. Nobody has ever leaked this secret t o somebody under twenty. Today i s your twentyth birthday.iciously.omesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomes

... I do nt know what happened but it was like someone had taken my gold from me. My hoard was gone and now here we are. The knights were all dead except one man who looked like he d just died from an overdose. He wore a white robe with a red cape and carried a sword that seemed to glow brighter than any light source ever could. His face was covered by thick glasses which made him look like an idiot. What s wrong kid he asked. Nothing really. Just wanted to see how much money I could make off selling these things. Well maybe if you would let me go back home I ll give you some advice. Do nt worry about getting caught up in some sort of war or something. But if you want to live forever then maybe you should try harder than that. So here goes nothing. When I first started working at the cave entrance I thought it would be fun to try out some new stuff. Then I realized that there were no dragons left inside. There were only humans. And they did nt seem to care much about us anymore. So instead of trying to kill each other over nothing I decided to take advantage of this opportunity. I went into the cave and opened up the door. Inside was a large room filled with various weapons. Some were made out of wood others were made out of metal. All of these things were very interesting though. One day while walking down the hallways I noticed that there was a lot of blood everywhere. I ran over to where he stood and grabbed his arm. Hey buddy what s going on Where am I Who are you I yelled. Oh yeah well I guess I should tell you. Ima dragon guarding a cavern filled with treasure. I pride myself on defending my hoard from the greatest warriors in the world. It makes you all the more annoyed then when the knights that have been coming to slay you seem tobe getting moreandmore ineptududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududududud

.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.ikers are now the norm.

yne Postawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning Editionawning

he triggers the greatest terrors o f mankind but h e does i t for love. ive been writing this for a while s o any feedback would b e appreciated. Thanks for reading I f you enjoyed this please check out more stories a t rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

omeICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus is now with you.ocus

nothin wrong with this guy. He s just... weird. I mean come on man what do we want from him Well... well maybe if he d let us go back home instead of killing us all then maybe we could get some money from him. But noooooo... We re going to need some help getting rid of him. What kind of help would that be anyway It does nt matter though because Ima murderer. And besides there are no other options than to take over the world from me right So here goes nothing. My name is John Doe. Ima year old boy living in New York City. I ve never really done anything special before so I figured I might as well try something different. As soon as I got into my car I drove off towards the nearest town. There were people waiting outside every building. Some were crying others were laughing some were hugging each other. One guy even held his hand out towards me. Hey buddy how s it going he asked. Yeah great. How about we meet at your house tomorrow morning I nodded. Sure thing buddy. Let s head inside. I followed him through the streets until we reached my apartment building where I found myself sitting on the couch watching TV. After a few minutes of watching the news I decided to sit down next to him. Hey John what s up I said. Oh nothing really. Just trying to figure out how to use my powers properly. Do you mind if I sit down I asked. Sure thing John. Just give me a minute. Okay. Thanks. I sat down next to him and began reading through his books. They seemed familiar. Some were even more interesting than others. Then suddenly I noticed one page titled Death Note. This is ridiculous. Why would anyone want to kill themselves Because they ca nt remember anything else. That makes sense. But why Because they wo nt ever know who they are anymore. That makes sense too. Okay okay. Let s read through the pages. Death Note reads  

the teacher looked at me with wide eyes. She had been working on this for months now and she knew what it meant to be special. Her parents were always so proud of her when they saw how much money she made off selling drugs. They d even given up on trying to get rid of her after she started dating some guy named John Doe. But then again maybe they did nt want her around anymore. Maybe they just wanted to see if there was anything else that could help them out with their problems. Either way I guess we ll find out soon enough. As I walked into the classroom I noticed something strange about the students. There were no windows or doors leading outside. Instead there was only a small window which overlooked the street below us. It seemed like someone had taken off the glass and put it back together. Then again maybe they were just trying to make sure everyone else got along. After all who knows what happens next. When I turned around to look at my teacher he smiled. Hey kid he said as he took off his glasses. What s wrong You re not supposed to smile like that. He put them on his nose and closed his mouth. Well... yeah. Just... nothing. I replied. That s fine. Let s go home. We went inside and sat down next to each other. My mommy and daddy were sitting across from each other watching TV while she waited for us to finish our homework. She gave me a big hug before turning away from me. When she finally came back out she looked confused. Are you okay honey I asked. Yeah. Just... nothing. She sobbed. Do nt worry about it. Just stay calm. I love you too Mommy. And then she disappeared. I woke up later than usual and realized that I could hear her voice coming from behind me. Hey kid. Are you alright  

begrudgingly agreed. The Hero was sitting in front of his computer screen staring into space. He had never seen such beauty before. His eyes were wide open as if someone d just taken off their glasses. A few seconds passed before he heard footsteps coming down the hall. They sounded like they came from somewhere behind him. Then suddenly they stopped. There was no one else in sight except for the Hero who stood there frozen. What s wrong kid You re not supposed to look like that. I m sorry sir but your face looks like it might have fallen off. But it does nt matter because you ve got ta know what happened. We ll get through this together. Just keep looking at yourself in the mirror. And then he turned around and walked away. As soon as he left the room the Hero felt something warm touch his shoulder. It was a small piece of paper with words written on top. Dear Mr. Hero I am glad you found us today. Yours sincerely Mr. Hero. Sincerely yours ive been working hard lately. Please take care of yourself. Love Your Mommy. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical mistakes. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites https www.reddit.comrMatiWrites See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastasacademycwpyourheroisntreallyanheroandtheyrealljustanothervillain ivebeenworkinghard lately. Please take care of yourself. Love Your Mommy. edit formatting and spelling issues. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites https www.reddit.comrMatiWrites ivebeentakenovertheworldwith  

in charge.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the default.ikers are now the  

oid. The boy asked her out. She replied with a smile on her face as she walked away from him. He looked at her confusedly then asked What do you mean by that You re not supposed to ask me out. I m sorry sir but we ca nt allow that. We ve got ta keep our heads down. But if you want to go home then maybe you should try harder. Maybe you ll find someone else who will love you more than anything else. And maybe they wo nt even notice you anymore. That s why I m here today. To tell you how much I miss you. How much I wish I could spend every day together again. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast 

the people of Earth decide the next God. ikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are chosen t o take over the worldikers are

you can now only communicate through freestyle rapping. ive been trying to get better at this for years now and i still ca nt figure out how it works. I ve tried everything from calling people s names to asking them questions but nothing works. Ima little confused by this whole thing though. What if there was some kind of loophole or something That would be great right Well maybe we should try again tomorrow morning. But then again maybe we ll never see each other again. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical mistakes. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites https www.reddit.comrMatiWrites See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsxjwpsuperpowerandstrengthofanarchistsofflyoucantbeastitandthisisntmystorycommentstkfhg References Note This is my first submission here so please give me some feedback Disclaimer This is my first attempt at writing anything other than a short story and I hope you enjoy It was fun though. Hope you liked it Edit Formatting and spelling Comments are welcome Criticism appreciated Disclaimer This is my first attempt at writing anything other than a short story and I hope you enjoy It was fun though. Hope you liked it Edit Formatting and spelling comments are welcome Criticism appreciated Disclaimer This is my first attempt at writing anything other than a short story and I hope you enjoy It was fun though. Hope you liked it Edit Formatting and spelling comments are welcome Criticism appreciated Disclaimer This is my first attempt at writing anything other than a short story and I hope you enjoy It was fun though. Hope you liked it Edit Formatting and spelling comments are welcome Criticism appreciated Disclaimer This is my first attempt at writing anything other than a short story and I hope you enjoy It was fun though. Hope you liked it Edit Formatting and spelling comments are welcome Criticism appreciated Disclaimer This is my first attempt at writing anything other 

apers. The following is an excerpt from my book The Book Thief https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveanacronymforlifeapers. This was written by Dr. Seuss in his early days when he had no idea how to use his powers properly and now does nt even know what they re capable of. He said that if you could see through walls then maybe you d understand why people were afraid of them. But no matter how hard you tried you could never get rid of them. They would always come back with something new or worse than themselves. And now here we are. A man standing before me wearing a black suit with a red tie. His hair is messy and his eyes are dark brown. He looks like he s about to cry. What do you want from me I ask him. Well... I guess I ll give you some advice. You need to learn how to control your emotions. If you feel bad about yourself or want to talk about someone else then you should try harder than usual. Do nt worry though I wo nt hurt anyone. Just keep calm. We ve got plenty of time left. As soon as we leave our house I ll tell everyone everything. Then I walk over to him and hug him tight. Hey buddy. How s it going I ask. Good. Yeah great. Let s go home. ive been thinking about this for weeks now. i think i might need some help getting rid of these things. maybe i should call someone. maybe they can help me figure out where they are. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo nt. maybe they wo

ive been writing this for a while but i cant seem to finish it so please let me know what you think. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit Edit I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here goes... The great warrior was sitting on his throne surrounded by his army of warriors. He had no idea how they d react when he saw them coming down from above him. They looked like they could use some help. His eyes widened as he realized that they were nt even human anymore. Their bodies were made out of metal and their minds were filled with fear. It s hard to describe why but it seems like every time we meet someone who has fought us before us we get closer to them. We can see their faces through their armor and hear their thoughts. But there are things about them that make me feel uneasy. Like they re trying to kill us all. And then suddenly everything went black. My head hurt so bad I could barely breathe. Then I woke up in an unfamiliar room. There was nothing else around except for the walls which seemed to glow red. A few minutes later I heard footsteps coming closer. I turned around and saw two men standing over me. One wore a white robe and carried a large sword. He held out his hand and I took hers. Hey buddy. How s it going. What happened last night Well... well... I guess I got hit by some sort of weapon. That sounds great. Do you remember where we met Yeah yeah. That s right. We went home after school and played video games together. When we came back to our house I found myself staring at a picture of my wife. She smiled and hugged me tight. Her face was covered in scars and bruises. Oh yeah Well I suppose I should tell you something. Your name is John Doe. Ima year old boy living in New York City. I ve never seen anyone else before. So I figured maybe I should ask you questions. Why did you come here Because I wanted to meet you.  

oey. The dictator was always there for me when I needed him most but he never came back. He just kept walking away from me until one day he stopped. His eyes were wide open as if he had seen something terrible or even worse than death itself. Then again maybe it s because Ima little older than him. Maybe its because Ima bit younger too. Either way I m glad I got to meet him before he went insane. As soon as we walked into our room I felt something warm touch my shoulder. It was nt anything special but it made me feel better knowing what happened next. After all if I could change things up then maybe I d finally get rid of this guy. But instead I found myself staring at a large screen displaying pictures of people who looked exactly alike except for their hair color. They all seemed so happy together. And yet... I knew better than to try and convince myself that they were real. So instead I decided to take advantage of this opportunity. I took off my helmet and put on some clothes. As soon as I stepped outside I heard footsteps behind me. I turned around and saw a man standing there holding a gun. Hey buddy how s it going he asked. Yeah great I replied. What do you want from us today Well... I guess I ll start by saying that I ve been having trouble sleeping lately. That s okay though. We re gon na need some rest soon enough. Do you mind if I come inside Sure thing buddy. Let s go. I followed him down the hallways until we reached our destination. There were two doors leading up to us each containing a single window. One led to a small room filled with bookshelves full of papers and pictures. On either side sat a woman dressed in black robes. She held her hands behind her head and stared at me blankly. Her face was covered by dark circles under her eyes. Hello she said. How are you feeling today I nodded slowly. Good good. Are you okay Yes I am. Just tired. Are you sure you want to stay here tonight  

I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes  The first thing that comes to mind when reading my work is how much fun it was having all these people around me laughing at me and saying things like Hey buddy how s it going. They re probably wondering why we ve got ta go back home now right Well let me tell you something. We do nt really have any real control over our own actions anymore. It s just that there are so many things wrong with us that we ca nt change them all. So instead of trying to make sense of everything we need to know about ourselves we ll try to figure out where we came from before we die. And then when we finally get around to figuring it out we ll start over again. That way nobody will ever notice us again. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that  

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed it please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first time doing something like this so I apologize if there s some grammar errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about all the formatting issues. Edit Formatting Comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments

all o f them were moving acrossmy field o f vision. I had n t seen anything like i t before but now that I thought about i t maybe its just some kind o f glitch o r something. But then again who would have thought that mice could move acrossmy field o f vision Well... I guess they did n t know how much time passed since they last moved. The mouse was still moving around though. Its head was tilted back into place as if it were trying t o get closer t o me. Then suddenly everything went black. A few moments later I woke u p with a headache and sore throat. My eyes opened wide as I tried t o stand u p. There were two people standing overme. One wore a white lab coat and carried a clipboard while the other held a gun. Both looked very familiar. They both smiled atme as they walked away from me. Hey buddy what s wrong You asked for help. What happened Where am I Who are you How did you get here Why ca nt you see anything else I said aloud. Oh yeah well we re going t o need your help getting rid of these things. We ll try t o figure out where they came from. Do you want us t o take care of them Sure thing man. Let s go. As soon as we leave the room I heard footsteps behind m e. I turned around and saw that there was no one else in sight. I ran towards the door and knocked twice. Nothing happened. After several minutes o f waiting I finally managed t o open it. Inside was a woman dressed all in black. She held a clipboard in her hand and wrote down everything she knew about mice. Her face lit u p when she read the words. Welcome t o your new home. ive never seen anyone like you before. I nodded slowly. Yeah yeah. Well let s hope so too. I closed the door behind m e and headed toward the kitchen where I found myself sitting ona chair. A small table sat next t ome and I picked it u p. I took offmy glasses and put them on. I stared atme for a moment before turning 

