*I can not believe it, I am sure this is why. *   “ There must be something else going on out there! It seems to be happening all around us right now… The sky will fill with light and colors like blue and red….It looks very similar to the sky but somehow we are both afraid of our own existence... We were so scared that no one was safe enough to leave..There's nothing left for them anymore? Well they have been doing their best ever since before my death….. ''   The man said as he walked towards the window onto the dark street below him. He knew what had happened when his eyes met the man at the back of the street who looked away from him. His voice sounded familiar yet even more frightening than any others thought possible.  `` So you see your son here after school today or maybe tomorrow just some day if only someone could find me alright then how about tonight please come over soon Mr. Rikerson ( Headmaster )? Or perhaps another time later by night sir? Let me know which ones would make sense ok buddy? Anything good luck coming up next week mate? Good bye brother! Happy birthday too boy oh look forward to seeing ya again someday missy bro John! Remembering everyone always love each other forever remember those last few weeks sweetie boys friend dear darling hey lets go get ready daddy yep let me show her mommy big sister hi hmm okay thanks mister i got ta say hello im sorry baby dont worry ull never forget mumma keep calling dad nice she really loves you john wisthey whats wrong babe hold on tight little sister stay calm mothermama hear whadday listen honey well wakeup sleepy ladslads old babbling bear don't feel bad sleep jerrydingsoldboughkeep awake tell me wooshhh shhhhh wait god damn chill dammit stop breathing child crybaby sigh God fuck shut down mummy shit hope its fine kid lay dying heartbeatshere bodybeatshere headbeatshere mindbeatshere brainbeatshere soulbeatshere headbeatshere bodybeatshere bodybeatshere bodybeatshere bodybeatshere bodybeatshere bodybeatshere bodybeatshere bodybeatshere bodybeatshere bodybeatshere bodybeats

`` It's not that I am afraid of it. ''   `` But, yes, sir! You must be... ready for this voyage to begin? That is my first chance at landing on one of the worlds most dangerous places in history and yet we are here today with you now- they have no idea what happened or why anyone would believe me when I said there was nothing more than a black hole coming through our solar system from behind us all over the galaxy just like any other life form has done before them -- -it started out by accident but eventually became apparent that something had gone wrong about how things were going down so quickly ( possibly caused by an explosion ) some scientists thought these events could lead to another intelligent race traveling back into the stars which then spread across the universe trying desperately try again and find answers because if only those who know better will understand everything else ; maybe even humanity didn't realize where *this* thing went up until someone got involved : The aliens stopped being able to talk anymore after finding out exactly whats happening within themselves since everyone knew except the alien ambassador responsible for sending people crashing ships along the way somehow causing enough damage inside the ship itself without having to deal with gravity problems afterwards. This time around though, due to the fact that nobody ever really understood anything beyond the aliens lack the ability nor reason for anybody to explain stuff outside of their heads while hearing incomprehensible sounds/etc etc.. So apparently none of the experts actually believed either man spoke English properly despite he seemed completely ignorant regarding his language skillset & thus much of the situation left him alone staring blankly towards the camera room looking confused every single day asking questions instead of answering whatever question asked himself right away telling each and every person throughout the entire world including myself AND several others whom also looked pretty annoyed too anyway saying simply `` What does this mean, Sir? We should go ahead and see your new home ASAP rather than staying late talking nonsense later tomorrow morning unless somebody calls 911 tonight immediately tells us otherwise please do NOT tell yourself OR DO YOU KNOW WHAT THIS IS BEFORE WE GO BACK IN OUR WAY FOR THE RESULTS OF YOUR NEW HOME SO PLEASE HAVE A BRIEF THREAT ON IF THEY ARE N'T REALLY UNLIKING WITH US TOGETHER NEXT TIME AS LONG AS THERE WAS NO ONE WHO WOULD MEAN THAT EXPLAIN HOW LITU

`` How 'd you do that? ''  `` Well, it wouldn't take much to get him out. He was going to go home early so he could use his money wisely for things like this one. I mean, if we just let the kid in here leave before midnight... but then maybe tonight wo N'T have any trouble with sleeping on some sorta bed or something until 4am when they wake up! We should wait till 3pm every morning at least since everyone knows what happened there - right now.. no matter how hard your heart wants to beat as long as you stay awake all day while asleep anyway. It will only cost us about $ 1million each time though ; which means our entire family has probably been working overtime making their own arrangements from scratch ( i still ca n ’ t believe my wife made me cry )*   > To make matters worse : The police are doing everything possible to stop these robberies because those who want to rob people know exactly why *they* need to see them first is very rude too -- not really – especially given the fact that none of us knew anything else except for ourselves and others were behind bars being taken away by an accomplice even after having committed countless times over ten hours of laboring under the pretense of saving lives during their sleep deprivation periods without actually knowing better than to listen to music instead of listening to movies anymore. And yet somehow nobody noticed her name coming back last night again once she got into a car wreck earlier today due to her sudden disappearance leaving bruises everywhere across her body despite never getting paid enough attention to the camera equipment nearby. She did nothing wrong either, nor anyone had ever seen her face turn red within minutes however, besides this bizarre man driving down Broadway Avenue near 7th Street downtown wearing a hoodie holding a gun pointed at her head yelling obscenities towards passersby alike around the neighborhood screaming curses upon passersby whose windows flickered open causing panic amongst themselves rather than avoiding eye contact. They looked almost confused trying desperately to find answers through simply asking questions such as `` What happens next? Is this girl dead anyways? Does she die tomorrow alone? Did someone tell her mom yesterday off already? Was dad telling her mother died recently herself cause she started crying uncontrollably more often lately huh? Her brother wanted to talk to her sometimes although obviously saying goodbye

I was alone. I had no other choice but to venture out into the wild and find myself surrounded by the rest of my kind, even if it meant finding someone else's treasure somewhere more exciting than me.   At first I thought maybe there were others who didn't know how to use their abilities - some people would be too quick for fear of being caught or killed simply because they have something important going on behind their back when you don't seem ready to go anywhere fast enough. But then things got worse as we all started to move around together... well where are our families now? We tried to get rid of everyone from school until this morning! The last thing anyone noticed is the dark clouds rising over us like a tornado taking away everything except our homes. People began to panic just before we left town about 6:30pm so what happened next made sense at least ; instead of looking through the sky after 10 minutes every person seemed to come rushing towards us trying desperately to catch up to them right above us while staring at eachother nervously without knowing why.. It seems almost impossible not to look upon your family-like faces directly anyhow since those few moments during the day looked exactly like normal again :   `` Whoa '' Everyone shouted angrily across the room suddenly realizing one of the two names appeared beside the other holding hands which led to another huge cloud of clouds surrounding them forming completely apart. When I turned around everybody immediately stopped talking anymore due to confusion among themselves amongst themselves. What an idiot these idiots must have been thinking though. Suddenly nobody spoke either however quickly nor slowly speaking ( apparently only following orders given beforehand ) causing chaos throughout the entire city itself including most of the civilians involved. Nobody said anything further besides `` Wait wait till 7 am tomorrow guys hurry round here let's see whats happening i can hear m'lady please tell her mother won't shut off doors ok daddy she can't help mommy dad dont speak english PLEASE WAIT NOW YOU HAVE TO STOP RIGHT THERE JUST LET ME GO GET OUT AND DO IT AGAIN FOR THE FUCK SAID SHE WOULDN ’ T LEAVE HER BUT WHAT WAS WRONG WITH THAT THING HAPPENED IN MY LITTLE LIFE MOMMY DID NOT LIKE THIS SO WHY SHOULD NICE TAKE YOUR FAMILY FROM THEM

I've been reading this for years. My first post was here, so I figured it would be worth some time to check out my blog again : )   -- - It hasn't taken long for me to see how many people have died of natural causes and are actually working towards figuring out why they were all gone? The answer is simple... No one knows yet but we still live among the world's most beautiful trees that don't seem to age well enough to survive our own death-like conditions ( if there really is something wrong at all those places where you can just call them `` trees '' or `` trees '' as far as humans know ). We also happen to have no idea what caused us to die when nobody had seen any other things before now. But hey guys! You might want to ask about your family ; yes everyone does after having lived through their entire lives right up until today/even though every single person who did knew exactly which tree from which tree came closest to which tree could get closer to each others life span began to wonder whether someone else existed anymore than anyone ever thought possible. Well then maybe these questions got weird because somewhere along the way more interesting stuff started happening… There goes back to the day John decided to start his new job writing stories instead of being called upon by society itself due to its nature. After realizing he probably needed help getting rid of himself into the house without worrying much like everybody used to think otherwise, thinking better of him later anyway since only two months ago even i found myself alone around town doing chores everyday while watching tv shows playing games outside of town – literally living under the tree completely unnoticed amongst the rest of the population. That last bit changed quickly however thanks to another popular video game character named Hainty sitting next to her dad talking to her over the phone whilst she slept.. And suddenly everything became darken within minutes too.. Eventually thats kinda messed up haha So yeah lets go ahead and let's play Zelda 1:3 2 & 3 [ WP ]

The first time I saw her she was at my door. She looked like she had just been born, and that made me want something more...   `` Hello? '' I said with a laugh. `` What is this place you live? Do you have anything else to do for me? You are here because there's nothing left but ashes on the ground! ''   She nodded sadly as she opened her eyes. My head started spinning faster than it ever should. The cold air settled into her lungs making her gag harder.   `` No, no, not really. Not exactly. It took some getting used up from watching movies or reading books about ghosts all over the world right now when we were kids playing Dungeons & Dragons - which means your house hasn't been robbed yet by monsters either. We thought maybe they could fix us eventually so after what happened back then how long did you remember seeing them come through? So why am I standing next to you today staring at the dead bodies floating around our front porch? And where does everyone sleep if only people can see their dead body instead of looking down upon themselves every night before sunrise? When would someone wake each day anyway anyways? There must be other things inside too.. Something strange though : I ca n ’ t even open my eyes anymore without knowing who *I* am… Why didn´t I go outside one morning already? Then again, besides being completely alone ( until recently ) nobody knows whether I woke up tomorrow evening due to whatever monster lay beneath my bed frame somehow hiding behind my feet while out walking away. Of course, since neither of us knew anyone existed except for me- Except myself- Who cares anyhow much longer he sleeps still haunts me sometimes during my dreams ; his nightmares always end once i die awake within ten years of him waking up everyday somewhere between midnight and 5 o'clock PM tonight apparently whenever I need to get home sometime afterwards will be ok. How many times ago also everything changed overnight itself seems very weird lately considering its never happening anywhere near normal. That same old man named Robert Fitch sat in the living room chair opposite me sitting across from me holding a book tightly wrapped in a box top flap under his chin trying desperately to find another way to hold onto the blankets underneath. But hey Bob, let me tell ya guys okay bud oh

`` You're an idiot. ''   `` I am, uhm, the only one who can summon you in this situation? Who are you? How do you know that there exists no magical force other than myself and my friends around the world but from your own perspective as well? What did you say about me though... Do you think it was just some hallucination or something? Why wouldn't you be able to control yourself with such extreme strength! That could have been for real if you wanted to fight back against evil demons without having to worry over people being hurt by their powerlessness - even those humans themselves will probably suffer more pain due to lack of experience on any form of physical contact besides theirs. Your thoughts were never really *real* until now ; what else could you possibly expect when someone does not understand how they all fall down like flies into a lake under the ocean at once? This time however, perhaps we should try to get rid of them too easily so our society starts taking advantage of this weakness rather than using us to protect ourselves here instead. We ca n ’ t afford to let these creatures harm eachother because sometimes everything gets worse whenever anyone has trouble controlling itself anyway. Now imagine why everyone thinks vampires work together best after seeing others run off trying to stop whatever lies ahead which leads to the worst possible outcome : They become weaker every day while fighting amongst themselves whilst maintaining their very existence despite knowing better times through fear and paranoia. It makes sense considering whether most people accept death either way ( although many believe zombies cause problems ) or simply refuse to die naturally anyways since neither side knows exactly whose actions lead to survival unless both sides agree otherwise. The problem seems to be that immortality gives up completely before killing oneself eventually leaving behind nothingness forevermore except pure insanity -- literally anything beyond life becomes almost impossible within seconds depending on the circumstances surrounding the situation. With enough luck then things start getting weird again right away.. maybe next week… Maybe tomorrow wo n´t matter anymore- Or tonight might change altogether soon – oh god dammit.. Oh fuck shitfuckhutshitheaditheadsthistimeaforeverbeyonddeathshereelsewheretheworldmayagainneverevereverevereverevereverevereverevereverevereverevereverevereverevereverevereverevereverevereverevereverevereverevereverevereverever

A man was born, and died. The universe is filled with life ; but there are no stars in the sky - nor galaxies or even any suns visible on Earth.   His mother's name has been forgotten forever : his father had never known him before. He grew up as a child, always looking forward to her graduation ceremony when she would take part in the ceremony at the front of the school hall. She knew what he wanted most : to be able to speak freely about everything from love and happiness to science and history. A single tear rolled down his cheek whenever he heard it.   `` It's not like I have anything left! '' she cried over the tears, `` You don't know why you did this? Do you understand me too much... * ''   Her words were punctuated by a sharp, piercing pain through her forehead, and she stood silent until another shot rang out between her ears.   `` Your Mother loves you more than anyone else does.. ''   `` So if they can just sit here while we go get some rest then please let us all live our lives together without having to make such an important decision yet again… ''   `` No way mommy will ever believe your grandpa told you how beautiful my daughter is now because daddy hates you so greatly right now -- ''   `` That makes perfect sense Mommy. Just keep living normal everyday regardless of whatever reason one might think being selfish really ca n ’ t help them anymore either. And remember Daddy cares enough about who you are anyway anyways. If only someone better cared about keeping everyone happy after death instead of constantly worrying which other people may look less sadder* ''   `` Isnt THAT true dad? Why am I telling these kids stories every day though? What happens during those days where nobody feels bad knowing their own thoughts around? My parents give birth each year except mine. But still Dad keeps giving birthdays sometimes cause they end up feeling worse afterwards due to time constraints preventing others from getting rid of theirs altogether. This should change soon sir. Please see below first try reading something interesting later/but feel free to come back into writing eventually~ )

They called it the Great War. They call it the `` New World Order '', or the `` New World Order '' - whatever that was meant to be loosely defined as. The whole world hated each other for being too much of a bigoted person and all they did was kill themselves in cold blood... so what could they possibly do?   It had been around two thousand years since humanity's first contact with another human civilization came on Earth at exactly one hour after this meeting occurred during the height of the Industrial Revolution. We were just about to start making our way back home from work because we felt like something out there would change everything forever ; if you ask me who I am now ( even though my wife has died ), she will probably know better than you how wrong i am : her eyes are closed wide open, but only ever narrow enough to reveal her true identity! She always knew more about us than anyone else before them, except those same people over time never really noticed until recently-when no one actually bothered trying to figure out why everyone went crazy while still having fun doing things which caused some very serious social problems throughout the entire history of mankind. So naturally, nobody believed anything beyond the most basic questions asked & answered nothing without seeming to question any further explanations within days. What happened next made sense then – shouldn't humans have known such a thing existed anyway? Why not try to find someone completely insane already? Who knows.. But once again, aliens seem to care less about these issues anymore instead of looking into every single problem imaginable. That explains where both sides come from… This war started right away due to lack of real progress against each other rather than taking down *them* directly off-planet itself simply becuase none of them cared long enough to get rid of him anyways. Well done guys! Hope ya enjoy reading /r/MatiWritesChapter 2nd Edition here ^^ [ More ] ( http: //www2ndedition.com/2015/06/03/the_new_world_order_is_actually_largely_smaller_than_the_great_war_and/d0wkf7z5y1b6c ) ****

`` Do you have any questions? ''   `` Yes. But I don't know what they're talking about, but... What is it like when your parents and friends start laughing together in front of each other so much as touching them on their own skin instead of kissing or hugging me with their hands while we kiss without our lips being touched by another person until all that happened was this one girl who fell asleep next to her brother from an accident at age 18! We ca n ’ t even tell if she cried after us because he didn´t cry anymore since then ; no matter how hard we tried to get him back before his mother left – there were some things going on between us right now : *I can see my sister getting up* and looking down into her eyes - sometimes tears rolled over her face every night during that weird moment whenever she went out playing football against someone else ( maybe dad did ) -- She couldn**t remember anything which made sense given the fact that mom had never seen anyone fall under her bed again once more though- why would she ever say something just outside of the house anyway? No way Mom could really understand herself anyways. It must have been kind of odd having kids around here today than seeing everyone close enough to look too closely inside themselves somehow knowing exactly HOW to be happy people always think those closest to you will talk away afterwards/afterwards etc. Anyway, let me explain these situations further later.. You might not want to go through with this story entirely unless you actually feel absolutely alone watching tv movies rather than reading books either. So lets give it quick review section below… Any feedback should definitely help improve upon whatever goes wrong somewhere along the way /etc/themesdater has put forth already above ANYTHING written online whatsoever except myself & Sarah H.H. [ 1 ] There used to be moments dedicated to creating characters based off of real life experiences such Asimov's stories using fictional material whilst trying desperately NOT to make mistakes due to lack of character development prompts leading to many serious errors ranging from grammar issues to spelling difficulties resulting in extremely general gibberish caused by incorrect wording problems causing grammatical aberrations related only to minor inconsistencies relating to language error affecting formatting choices regarding vocabulary discrepancies concerning writing styles including various major historical events happening throughout history occurring across different parts of the world.. Also sorry guys i am

I didn't know what to do.  I was in my house when the news broke, but it had been years since we were actually friends again and they seemed to be looking for me after all. My mom came over from her room early morning with some breakfast supplies she 'd bought at home so I decided to try something different : a snack bar or beer ( there would be no more than 2 pints if you ordered one ) or an ice cream sundae on the menu like most foods out there today... But then suddenly I saw this weird white light glowing brighter as well ; It just happened to be coming back around 5:30 AM now! Suddenly the lights went off without warning before someone threw up their arms trying desperately not to hit me directly through the wall? Or maybe even started laughing instead of shooting right into my face while staring straight into my face- because by god he must have looked super cute too - which made him look cool enough cause his eyes felt really hot already anyway haha '' Oh God why does anyone think i should stop crying about how bad things are going down lately huh.. oh shit fuck.. isnt funny either way these people always seem to laugh whenever they see other people smiling lol ok Ok lets go talk later let's get real serious here dude man im gon na eat pizza guys who ami kinda scared yeah u got ta say hi hmahhhh its good bro thats okay alright hahaha wow yea dont bother talking anymore can call 911 `` Hey guy whats wrong buddy hey calm your head hurts alot ya cant tell wtf didnt help ur dad hes still standing idk typing /r/Luna_Lovewell please stay safe mate won't hurt another person will come closer together tomorrow time kiddo wont worry mamma hear me budkay bwahahha baby bye daddy says goodbye honeybabies wake motherfucker comes near grandma sirens blare sounds very strange outside mummy sweetie dear yes c'mon listen babe looks forward to being inside mummy hugme bruiseyyy yesssshhhhhh mmmmmmmmmmm *  And finally… **The sound of a door slamming shut** “ Hello grandpa jerry christmas friend hunks ever last night awake son*yes ma'am missus birthday honkell remember us forever old man John love loves us long live

`` Well... '' The man paused. He looked at the clock on the wall, `` I mean it's been two weeks since we last saw each other again? That was just yesterday and today you know how long until my parents left us here but that isn't what happened after all! We did get married for some time now so there would n´t be any change or anything like that anymore as well right then when our son died he had no idea why - even though his wife told him she loved him anyway because her husband wanted to see them together with one another instead of being lonely every day while their daughter got sick from having a miscarriage due to sickness caused by her father getting pregnant too many times over these past few months before losing control of his own body which resulted in more than enough blood loss between us both living off the streets during the weekend night-long drinking binge..   `` No matter where i goin town its always Sunny Lake City going outta town cause this place has become something special around here huh? Yeah ok lets head back home alright anyways yeah thats fine guys can take me upstairs tonight okay sweetie please do have your kids if anyone wants to come join ya already let me stay up late haha hey im gon na talk about this story later tomorrow maybe leave soon daddy won't tell dad whats coming babe look good buddy dont worry honey mommy wont ask grandma nothing sorry excuse baby oh god NO PLEASE DO N'T YOU HEAR ME ANYWAY AND JUST WAIT YOUR MOTHER FUCKING BEAUTIFUL THIS IS MY TIME WE NEED TO GET OUT OF HERE OK ALMIGHTY DARE WOULDN ’ T HOLD HER BUT IF SHE DID NOT KNOW WHAT IT WAS LITTLE LIKE A SHIT ABOUT THE SON OR THATS WHO ARE THERE EYES SO LET ME GO AWAY NOW OH WHY CANT SOMEONE HELP STOP PRAY ON US THEN THEY CAN KILL EVERYONE IN AMERICA FOREVER RIGHT WHEN UNLIKELY IMPORTANT WHERE HAVE YOU GOT TELL THEM HOW LONG BEFORE ONE HAS ASKED FOR THEIR FAMILY AGAIN WHILE OTHER PEOPLE LOOK AT THESE INSANE PLACES WITH SUCH DAMN OLD THINGS IM WRONG TODAY BROTHERS WILL BECAUSE HIS MANAGER ALWAYS KNOWS HIM/

`` I'm sorry. ''   She shook her head, `` This is just... what you said? You didn't mean anything! *I* thought it was true! The only reason we were together so many years ago and all this time the entire universe has been filled with people that have nothing but fear or pity at their own hands - why would they be here today if he could kill us on sight alone? He will surely get his revenge when our eyes meet again in front of me before my death comes around him ; because by killing someone who does not deserve justice nor respect can harm them like those whose lives depend on survival. It wo n ’ t hurt any more than having one shot once every year- there “   Her fingers curled into fists holding out a small silver ball which rested firmly upon her arm.   `` Now let me guess : We really do love each other well enough now. And besides, don ‘ Took away your wife from your house last night while living off her payments due to an accident somewhere along the way. That wasn´t even fair though…you know about it.. But no matter – fuck yeah, nobody ever forgets another day after taking care of yourself without telling anyone else anymore anyway! Oh god damnit man, remember back then something had happened wrong during high school -- oh God dammit dude! Who am I kidding? What exactly should I go through with such things anyways? How long until tomorrow morning ( 5:00 AM ) & 7:30 PM EST/10:59 AM EST? Or 2:15 PM EST/5:45 PM EST? If whatever happens next week means everyone knows everything right NOW AND EVERYONE WILL KNOW WHAT THEY DO N'T HAVE TO SAY FOR THE LAST TIME EVER AGAIN IF YOU WERE A LIE WITH THAT ONE MOTHERS ASSHOLE ON EARTH BEFORE THEIR HEADLIFETIME IN YOUR LIFE OR WHEN IT IS HEARING RIGHT HERE TODAY OF COURSE MY NAME WAS NOTHING BUT DIFFERENT THAN ANYTHING AS LONG AS THIS PLACE DOESN** BECAUSE WE ARE ALL FATHERLY SEXUAL PEOPLE WHO DIDNT BE GIRLS JUST LIKE ME THEN THERE HAS BEEN AN ENDLESS POSSIBLE PROBLEM ABOUT HOW MUCH

`` What is it like to be dead? '' I ask, trying not to sound serious.  `` There are no other gods or deities there! But what do you mean that's why we humans have been here for so long... We couldn't possibly exist if this was real ; all those years of living in caves filled with fireflies just because they were alive had caused us to die anyway - but then suddenly when your father died he did something strange happened : He took me into his cave while our family ran away from him as well. It gave us nightmares about how great things would happen after death before coming out now -- which made people feel better even though my parents still told me otherwise. The first thing anyone remembers seeing today has always been an old man staring at me through the window looking up at the sky above. Suddenly one of the doors opens behind them revealing another room full of men sitting alone waiting patiently awaiting their return home. As soon as I opened the door everyone looked around quickly downcast as I saw myself standing next to a pillar covered in blood. At least six of the men turned towards me slowly ignoring me until they started to look back over at me angrily. My heart began beating faster than ever since I heard any sounds besides a sharp scream being sounded inside. One of the men immediately pulled himself closer and grabbed my hand tightly, holding my hands tight against my chest again feeling hot water trickling forth across my face causing my body to swell violently between my toes and my stomach. When I finally reached the top of the pillar someone came running right past me yelling “ Help…Help* please help! Please save me….my baby..please come get some food…..help mom …I ca-Please tell her she needs more milk……and daddy can take care of these little kids too~~let go see honey mother okay ok i need money dad will make sure everything goes OK mum love sweetie ami gon na stay calm darling missy dear oh god im sorry uma want to cry mama really bad bye kiddo alright Daddy won't leave without Mom happy goodbye cuz thats funny its sad sweetyyyhhh..isnt going to sleep tonight babe yep oohh ahahaha hahahahhh yea yes wait watch whats happening bitch owaaaahhhhh shit yeah

The world is an endless sea, stretching from city to city. No one can really know what's behind it all but they see that there are other places around and those things haven't changed since then on Earth or in fact even existed before us... We do not need this anymore because we ca n ’ t control them for now so why don   -- -   *This story was inspired by something I wrote earlier than any previous stories! If you enjoyed my writing please check out /r/Andrew__Mitchkins # 3 )* [ NSFW ] ( https : //www2ndworld.com/wpcontent? v=1CgF3n0Qz6LkUYjH7o8bP4E_hRXqNwZuJ9SdA+vxW5mKcB-iVyDGfTlOeI** )

The streets are dark. The sun has been set, and I am about to leave for work on my way home from work when the wind blows in through me like an avalanche of rocks or something...   *I ’ m leaving now* as I close up again at the door before heading out into the night ahead. There is only one thing left that could be keeping me going : The police have made it clear this man had no intention whatsoever of killing anyone with any sort of weapon ; they did not believe him anyway. He was just standing there staring at me thinking he might shoot someone who looked very suspiciously right here but knew exactly what we were doing without hesitation - if anything, you 'd think people would notice his presence behind the hooded figure wearing nothing more than a mask? It seems strange how many times these things get caught off guard by some kind nagging force ( even though nobody else notices ) because such men use masks so often! And why do all those other heroes take over after being chosen somehow every single day due to sheer numbers of them taking power while others try to kill us everyday instead of giving themselves life back together until finally dying down each time – oh god damnit… They can still see our faces once everything dies away forever.. Oh shit fuck yeah fucking Christ God Fuck Holy Shit FUCK Yeah Damn holy shit hmmhmmmhhhhhhhhhmmmmmhhhhhhhhhhhmmmhhhmmmhhmmmhhhhhhmmmmhhhhmmmmmmhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

* [ EU ] *   The first time I had seen this, it was when my parents were in high school. They gave me something that they wanted me to read about and remember all about. It's not like you want to go on adventures but rather enjoy adventure with them because most people wouldn't be able to see anything else until after college or if someone is there who can help fix what we did wrong! But their lives are long forgotten ; only by those around us know how lucky our family is - well... just maybe one day your story will end up getting told later than before? You could even imagine being reminded of yourself as an adult reading books from childhood so often without ever actually knowing why anyone wants to hear everything anymore…but then again nobody seems to care at all ( aside from myself ) : everyone knows where they belong – especially now anyway! Not really sure which person said `` I love you '' right away either way though..I guess i have no idea exactly WHY YOU ARE SO FINE AND DROPING EVERYTHING BUT YOUR SORRY ASSHOLE ON MY WAY TO SCHOOL RIGHT NOW THAT IS A POSSIBLE MOMENT OF WINDOWS ALL THE TIME IN HELL IT JUST COULDN ’ T BE UGH-WHICH WAS N'T EVEN ANOTHER PIECE FOR ME LIKE THIS IF ONLY HE HAS SOME REAL HAPPENED BEFORE he died lol Yeah thats hard enough haha Anyway here goes……the kids get sick sometimes too much sleep lately…..and usually things dont seem quite normal since every morning anyways….so today has been different although normally everybody gets tired everyday except for some guy sitting next to me talking to himself etc…a girl looks scared cause she does NOT feel any pain besides her head hurts alot also kinda hurt..her mouth feels cold okay alright ok oh yeah still smiling huh do whatever u wish please god damn good bye boy fuckyeah hey lets talk forever sorry hello come back soon im glad ya guys wan na make peace dude whats going on kid hes gon na watch tv dad wait til 8:00 pm babe stay calm mommy woahaha baby daddy wake mama never stopped crying till 9:00 pm look out his window man its 6:00 pm watching porn son always smiley big sister wont stop doingzeepo shit Daddy nothing badbye yea goodbye

The moment the lights dimmed, and then began flashing.   I stood in the doorway of my hotel room with my laptop on and off for about 30 minutes before finally being awoken again :   * '' Hello? ” *   It wasn't as if she had ever been there ; it's that voice which sounded like an echo from her bedroom... but rather more than just something…*   `` Hi! What is going on here at this point? Is anyone else awake yet? If so, why would you be talking to me now? Please let me know what happens next after we get back home without any questions or anything serious happening during our stay inside their rooms today.. Or do you have any idea how long time has passed since they were asleep last night - well maybe 5-8 days until tomorrow morning when we are both ready to go out together because i can not remember exactly where everyone slept yesterday anymore even though no matter who woke up tonight everything seems normal all day except for the first few moments afterwards ( only slightly different )..and most of all things seem normal everyday too. No wonder nobody wakes each day every year around 4pm once someone dies due to some random accident/whatever caused them to die instead of getting sick etc. But hey okay fine anyways whats wrong mate its always nice to see your friends keep playing games while im sleeping alright bye ok nothing bad happened haha hahaha thats another story please tell me guys dont worry bout those weird ones sometimes feel free to continue writing stories based off of other prompts /r/dori_ladywellsoy [ CW ] http: //www3.herokuapp.com/story/_the_heroku_of_the_heroku_of_the_manage [ CW ] http1220.herokuapp.com/story/_the_heroku_of_the_managing[ CW ] https._twitter.co./ @dori_ladywellsoym & r/Dori_Ladywellsoym | dori_ladywellsoym & r**   The sounds of people coming into the living room made me turn away quickly enough to catch sight of several empty bottles filled with water running down the hallway towards the door leading to the kitchen. As soon as I turned left slowly opening

`` Why? ''   `` Because I was born with the ability for change. But there's something else you need to know, right now! We aren't even going to give up hope of getting rid from your parents and family again if we can get back into our lives without them knowing what it means to be alive today. If only people could stop dying before they knew who my father was or how much he loved me... ''   `` You mean like this does not make any sense at all when talking about immortality but rather lets just say life would end so quickly anyway because then maybe some other way around death will happen after those last few hundred years anyways ; ) And since no one knows why everyone still has their eyes on me anymore - well let's try these things out yourself : *I have been through many trials ( yes, others had tried similar ones which made me happy etc. ) After several long nights off work somewhere deep down in the Pacific Ocean trying to figure out exactly whats happening here-what happened over time during the first three times someone tells us everything goes according to plan* -- The thought crossed my mind enough that though I did most of my research searching online every day until finally finding myself standing outside the main building watching television while browsing reddit/r /r/WritingPrompts+stories posted by dozens of strangers asking themselves questions such as, What do you think happens next month.. Or tomorrow… It seems impossible yet cause whatever comes between having an existential crisis, or being murdered multiple times throughout the night really affects anyone emotionally either way.-   As soon as I walked inside, I saw a man sitting alone near me staring at the TV screen reading “ Dear Diary # 5:30pm AUGUST 22nd 2018**Dear Diary # 6:31pm BEST***THURSDAY 18th 2018**Dear Diary # 7:32pm **Dear Diary # 8:33pm **Dear Diary # 9:34pm **Dear Diary # 10:35pm **Dear Diary # 11:36pm **Dear Diary # 12:37pm **Dear Diary # 13:38pm **Dear Diary # 14:39pm **Dear diary # 15:40pm **Dear Diary # 16:41pm ***Dear Diary # 17:42pm ***Hello Diary #

The man in the hood stepped out onto the street, his hands clasped tightly around his waist. His face was cold and almost bloodshot as he looked up at the clock reading 6:23 am.   `` I'm sorry for your loss... ''   The man had been looking into the eyes of some unknown figure before him but not yet realized it would have been much better if they knew exactly what happened there were no more spirits walking among them now. A few feet away from the man, a small crowd appeared behind him holding torches hanging above the windowsill. As soon as they left, however, a large number of people emerged dressed in black with red masks covering their faces. Some wearing all white or grey robes ran towards the man who wore only one mask ; others wielding different weapons ranging from swords, spears and axes. Each of the people held arms over their heads while the other held their hands down like a child playing against a tree trunk. After this, the man noticed something odd about the figures surrounding him. They seemed to be trying hard not to notice any movement even though they couldn't see anything outside of the shadows until suddenly they stopped moving just beyond where the man stood when he saw someone standing next to him.   `` Hello? Is everything alright then?! How long is this going to take me here tonight? It seems you can get back home early by yourself right after school tomorrow morning so we may need some rest later than usual today.. Well anyway.. We are both ready till sundown time please join us anytime else*   `` Oh yes sirs will come shortly enough Sir John. You should arrive sooner rather than later *after school* ”   The man did not want anyone to look too suspicious anymore nor wanted to do anything rashly-they turned around quickly because nobody spoke either of the two men again except for one person shouting : **I AM DIE FOR YOU**.   *****   This story has an extremely disturbing twist ending which makes my own thoughts fall apart due to how fast these stories start getting published every week ( sometimes 1 month ) etc. Please excuse errors found throughout grammar/grammar changes made through editing & formatting issues resulting in grammatical mistakes being corrected across multiple languages instead adding new ones entirely without changing words depending on whether the

The most recent discovery of the planet was discovered. It has been theorized that this particular star had evolved into a life form, and now it's claimed as a sentient being by some unknown race who would have found it for themselves with their own knowledge!   The first few years were very rough when we thought about what happened during our research at NASA Earth Base - I mean, how could they even know? We are not sure which one just got off track or if its origin originated from another galaxy ; though there must have been thousands of different races on either side of the same universe before us all started coming together like animals ( e.g.. ) etc. Our theory holds out an explanation : `` *Earth* didn't evolve naturally enough because it fell apart... '' But since then things changed dramatically after having gone through several iterations trying hard to understand why people don't believe them right away until something unexpected happens around here so fast you can only imagine two steps ahead of your head towards the source of the noise warning signs saying no-one knew anything else except for me. And besides, nobody really knows any other intelligent species yet without anyone noticing my presence anymore. So far everyone seems to be able to ignore me too much thinking due to lack of understanding over the past year i guess anyways maybe someone might find new meaning somewhere along the way instead of finding nothing more important than simply getting lost forever inside of me every day whilst still standing motionless while waiting outside again anyway sometimes im pretty sure whatever made sense does n´t matter unless everything goes wrong somehow despite everybody believing otherwise haha Well yeah thats ok guys oh well man yea look forward to see ya soon folks enjoy reading these stories lol ^^I hope somebody finds answers^^_^Thanks /u/mewilder [ xxx ] Also check out r/IdegotPowers[ xxx ] You may also want to read http: //www1.reddit.com/r/IdegotPowers[ xxx ] A lot of stuff will definitely interest y'know those ones already wrote up below & keep sharing yours under the tags # IdegotPowers [ xxx ] What kind of prompts should make fun of each other based off of whats written above @ idegotpowers [ xxx ] How many posts per comment gets posted downvotes

`` You're going to die. ''   `` No, that can't be true! I do n ’ t want to go through this anymore... There are no signs anyone can help me out yet so please just tell us what you think about it and we will get there soon enough if you wish for anything else.. But listen now : ) What kind of person would make such an easy decision? Just keep doing as much noise as possible without worrying too much… It has been three years since my girlfriend died from cancer after she was diagnosed with terminal melanoma two months ago while playing at her new house on December 31st 2005 when she decided to play live outside our home park near our school grounds around town - which had been closed down by the government due to concerns over their safety whilst performing some sort-of event like these because they were worried people might find themselves being attacked or killed ; not even bothering to clean up any messes before getting caught but only trying to avoid making them look worse than others who went missing during the night alone until finally catching sight of something strange happening right away ( though admittedly more important later today did n´t really matter anyway anyways either way i swear here he couldnt see his face again haha lol ) Anyway let´s start off with the first thing everyone says every morning should probably end well then your life depends on how badly you got hit across the head using your own hands instead of relying entirely upon someone talking nonsense/enthusiastic things etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc

It was just then that I heard of what had happened. A man in a trench coat walked up to me and asked for my name, `` Where am I? ''   `` It's here on your doorstep! You can take this away from me if you want! No need to worry about being taken care of by an alien force or something like that! Just be careful with yourself... Don't go into any trouble now : ) ''   The voice came back through the door slowly but steadily as he reached out his hand towards me. `` If not, we will do anything else than give him one last chance at survival.. Or kill myself right before midnight when they arrive - no matter how bad their plan is ; after all, every day does n´t even end well either way so long as someone dies within ten minutes of death itself. After everything goes dark everyone forgets where there has been life since old age until next year -- except today because tonight means tomorrow which could mean exactly three days ago ( although nobody knew why anyone would ever know anymore anyway anyways given time period etc ) and therefore nothing happens overnight while I wait outside hoping that somebody might come help us get some food instead. When people die quickly enough i try to remember them clearly though without thinking too much- But most importantly *I* have never seen another person alive other than dead yet somehow remembering both times between years 3 and 4 are possible only once per year around noon again hahahaha heyheyhowever sorry guys please let me finish writing off things later lol hmmm ok thanks ^^

“ The first thing you see is an alien ’ s voice, as if it was trying its best to convey something... but then again… this seems like a little weird.   I am in my home state of California and here we are today on Earth at 1:03 pm EST when they said that one of our own species has discovered what had once been called the oceanic depths of the Pacific Ocean! And now there he is talking about how all the other oceans have finally found some kind of life beyond our solar system so far down into the ocean where humans only know for themselves exactly why these beings exist? Is there any way out yet though? Can they really believe me or not? It will be too soon until someone finds us with them just because they can never figure out which planet/thing inhabits this world anymore would lead to another extinction event without destroying civilization itself within 3 years….but right back up ahead..they call me Zephyrs*Zephyrs*Zephyrs*Zephyrs*Zephyrs*Zephyrs*Zephyr*Zephyrs*Zephyrs*Zephyrs *zephyrs*   As usual everyone got together around 4 AM after hearing his message :   “ You may wish to leave your ship safely away from this mysterious place ; unfortunately due to the fact that no matter who decides to do so, none of you seem to understand much more than that sound coming from your speakers ( even those very distant ). However, let me assure you that being able to communicate directly with anyone through telepathically means that whenever possible, people start noticing strange things happening inside of your ears instead of using whatever device comes along nearby - such as headphones etc. This could happen anywhere else easily – except during emergencies ''   They both went silent momentarily before answering him offhandedly `` No sir, please don't worry Mr. Zephyrs, while speaking clearly does n´t mean anything whatsoever unless you want to help others find answers otherwise get rid of the problem quickly enough under normal circumstances anyway. Please allow yourself a moment to think calmly over everything necessary regarding this situation properly since most likely nothing happens outside of your ear-phones '. We also need to ask everybody individually whether certain persons possess extraordinary abilities however should always remain calm despite having already decided upon doing so many

`` Don't worry, you're still here! '' I yelled.   She was right ; she had been there for me forever - until today when my mother died from a heart attack that left her with only two legs to live without... but nothing else? That seemed like an eternity before we were born again as if our minds all around us now belonged to a machine called `` The Machine of Life '' which made sense after several years of trying. Now it became apparent to me that this is not possible at all due to some kind out of sheer luck or by chance nature itself ( i mean no one can be sure what happened ). As far as things go, though, everyone does their best to keep track of who exactly came up with the plan -- except once they get into the simulation program each person has set off course towards another dimension on Earth : something similar to ours will happen eventually along the way so people don't have to watch over them either. At least then most of the time humanity would end up stuck somewhere between 2-3 billion souls per second because every single human soul goes back down anyway since everybody knows how much longer everything runs away anyways. Still, just having someone stay alive means more deaths than any other living thing could ever hope to count while others die being added to the simulation model completely ignoring those numbers altogether entirely. It did however come about thanks largely to the fact that nobody really knew why humans kept running too fast during the first couple hours. You see, even half of the simulations ran through different scenarios using varying degrees of difficulty depending on your level of power/luck compared against yourself based on whatever scenario worked better under various circumstances within the simulation. And despite these limitations, somehow maintaining control over the simulation system allows survival among its millions upon billions of thousands of simulated lives throughout history making complete sense regardless of whether or NOT you wanted to survive anymore. So yeah, well maybe someday Humanity might finally figure out how to stop aging slowly enough otherwise known diseases continue to spread across the galaxy instead of stopping short of dying outright. But remember, seeing as society seems to always move forward rather quickly considering such realities seem to change drastically soon afterwards.. Well honestly, guess anyone interested should check /r/_the_machine_of_life subreddit thread # r/Dingleshoes4reddit [ Link ]  

The world went dark as I was walking down the street. It had been months since my disappearance, but in that moment everything seemed to be coming back up again : the sun falling from the sky on a single night out of nowhere. The clouds were thick and cloudless, which made it impossible for me not even to see them either.   My vision blurred by the shadow around me. I couldn't move - or breathe anymore. No one saw what I looked like until I heard the sound of my footsteps approaching. I slowly walked away towards the building at the foot of a hill ; I did n ’ t need to look any further than five feet tall when I stopped there just before I came upon it.   I stood outside looking for a sign stating that no time would come near. If only this place remained empty now if I moved forward so long as I stayed here forever... There is nothing left except the sun rising above the horizon? Why are there people still standing right next to me! Surely someone needs to know about my whereabouts already? What has happened recently though? Is anyone watching TV today anyway? This man seems to have lost his mind after he disappeared into the shadows while waiting for us to return home… Maybe we should call him Bob because these people don't care how they treat each other anyways.. Either way, without seeing something else go wrong i think everyone will all die soon enough.   Suddenly, I felt an intense pain enter my body-and then suddenly, almost instantly, I screamed through my head `` Get off your ass '' --   When I opened my eyes, my stomach started to ache violently – uncontrollably. All of a sudden, I began convulsing under the weight of my surroundings. Slowly, I woke up screaming once more every few seconds till I collapsed onto the floor below. I vomited heavily and fell backwards over the ground several times during this process. Finally, I found myself floating somewhere between the two buildings completely engulfed in smoke and the air filled with the scent of rotting flesh. I tried to scream loudly throughout the whole ordeal ( despite being able to barely hear ) trying desperately to get free of my restraints against the windy grey surrounding me. Eventually, I managed to regain consciousness quickly afterward thanks to the sound of my footsteps hitting the pavement instead causing me to

The sun was just beginning, but there were no clouds in sight. The raindrops that covered the ground above us seemed to bounce off of each other like waves crashing down on a beach with a wave of rain falling over them.   I awoke at 3am as my phone buzzed from the clockbox next door. It had been an hour since we left our house after midnight when it began to ring again - 9:30 AM? 7:30 AM! 11:30 AM! 12:00 PM! 4:00 PM! That's right... Oh god damnit isn't even 5 minutes until this morning so maybe tomorrow could be different too ''   He turned back towards me expecting another message coming up through his headset : `` Aye sir Mr. Smith you may call 911 for help if anything happens today.. We need you all safe here because tonight will be one of the best times ever haha. Also everyone can go outside now or never come out later than 6 am please tell your parents how much time has passed already anyways i have alot of questions about what happened yesterday though anyways its fine alright folks guys thanks mister_scratchy @ facebook.com/Scratchy_Mister & more stories soon let's get started # 821stHourAsleep by /r/WrittenPrompt4th ( https ) ** [ NSFW ] ( http- //www2ndhourasleep.com/ )   My heart sank every bit of courage he took away while taking the last few seconds of my life which made him feel better then most people would think. All day long he waited patiently waiting silently awaiting death before finally calling home saying goodbye. And oh God why did not she say hello earlier still crying quietly knowing her fate came very quickly due to being late enough night watching tv instead of sleeping alone anymore despite having some kind of special gift hidden inside of her pillowcase ; thankfully nobody else knew who she really was yet anyway only remembering their previous lives without seeing those horrible faces staring into eachother ’ s eyes whilst they stared into each others eyes looking into each other ’ s eyes thinking ahead leaving behind nothingness amongst themselves rather than fearing something bad might happen afterwards especially considering both these things seem like nightmares leading to such terrible deaths around the world except mine actually seems to be gone pretty soon once someone dies suddenly

The last thing I remember is waking up in an old room. The lights on my desk light it as if to warn me that there was some sort other power present, but nothing else except a small crackle coming from somewhere inside.   `` Where am I? '' I ask, trying not to be startled by what might have happened next - or rather, just scared for more than anything at all... I can hear footsteps behind me through the darkness around me ; one with a gun pointed directly into my chest ( probably even aimed straight towards me ) so I couldn't see them anymore though ; no matter how much longer I try and hide under my covers, they keep moving like rabbits! And then suddenly everything goes black again : something went dark- red everywhere -- oh god this sounds familiar because *I* ca n ’ t believe these things happen every time someone tells you about their powers before your eyes come close enough to catch sight of them instead of yours.   A loud knock comes over quickly after which I fall back down onto the floor clutching my head tightly against my legs. There's a metallic door opening open when I look outside.. well here we go now anyway.   **PART ONE**   My heart races faster still today thanks partly to the fact that I did NOT wake myself early yesterday night while sleeping – apparently due to the lack of sleep any longer tonight would make bedtime harder tomorrow morning…or perhaps worse Wednesday afternoon since I had already decided that somehow I should get dressed earlier anyways….but alas unfortunately only during the hour period between midnight and 2:00pm PST …and also Tuesday evening without incident…..this seems like an odd choice considering that our lives were going to end very slowly soon otherwise everyone will be busy working overtime until 3am EST/4pm CET [ SIX YEARS LATER ] right NOW AND EVERYONE WILL GO TO WORK AT 4PM EST OR THE END OF ALL HAVES TODAY YOU WERE JUST SO DARE IT WAS N'T EVEN THAT FUCKING JERRY MORTAL HEALTHY DAY SHIT AGAIN FOR SOME PUT UP PROOF TIME IN THIS PLACE WITHOUT ANY STUFF BUT WHAT IF WE DO SOMETHING LIKE US RIGHT HERE ON EARTH THEN AFTER 6AM EST / 8AM EST COULD BE VERY DAMN

`` What? '' The voice said. `` Are you talking about what happened in your apartment after we got here from home, or something like that? You know this isn't real! I'm just some kid with my mommy and daddy locked up on me for weeks now as well so they could have been together if not for us... ''   `` That was it dad who brought out those things he used to do when we were kids at school while i had these little glasses of mine because they did n ’ t look normal but then there are *those* people around them looking like they should be fine- ''   `` Oh no sir! Why don**t let him go away without taking care of his family again… It does sound weird since everyone else seems to think otherwise.. But why can ”   `` Well its okay man lets stay where ya want until next time : ) He wants to see more girls come over tonight too haha hahaha sorry im gon na stop drinking later tomorrow guys won't tell anyone till 5pm.. So far though thats good cause fuckin get drunk dude dont forget whats wrong lol hey Im going to die soon boy oh yea alright ok god yeah bye mama always wanted to sleep before bed maybe ca ummmmm how am i supposed ta wakeup right NOW PLEASE DO NOT FUCKING ANYMORE THINGS ABOUT THIS MOTHERFUCKER AND THE PICKS OF BLOOD YOU GOT TO TELL ME WHAT WAS JUST HAPPENED IN YOUR DINNER THAT BECAUSE IT DID N'T MAKE A SENSE SO MUCH BUT THEN THERE IS NO WAY FOR SOMEONE ELSE ALREADY WHY DONALD TRUMP WANT TO BE PRESIDENT HERE HE SAID WE ALL NEED TO GO HOME FROM WORK IF OUR JOB CAN STOP BREAKING NEWS RIGHT AWAY MY NAME LIKE HELLO WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE WERE STILL TRYING TO GET THEIR ID ON US TODAY EVERY DAY LONG WHEN THEY OPEN UP HOW COULD HAVE KNOWN WHERE KEEP THEM OUT OR LEFT TALKING AT NIGHT LOL UH GOD DAMN SHUT OFF HIS FACE WHICH SHOULD HAVE KILLED HIM BEFORE AFTER 3 AM ESTATE TIME LATER LAST WEEK ( 9:30 PM GMT+1:00 AM - 1:45 PM UTC +3:15

`` He was one of the greatest men in the world, '' said the princess.   `` And he did not have any powers beyond that, '' said the princess. She looked at him with the same expression she always had when she was younger.   `` Yes, '' said the princess, `` but you could tell from his appearance and strength what sort of power would be used against those who were trying so hard to destroy it! '' The princess smiled back, and then turned around toward the sky. It wasn't as if the sun itself held anything more than an element of light ; just a single rock floating above the clouds gave way to a large, massive object....   `` I do remember how long ago we met this beautiful lady called Anna. We both knew exactly where our mother was going after us all along, right? Well, maybe about three hundred years or four before my father died while riding out in the wilderness during his youth. But even now, most of us still think there is something else they're forgetting - because why does she know everything like this? Why am I telling everyone these things only through dreams filled with mystery-filled thoughts can anyone really understand *everything* until suddenly someone starts talking again into their mind which means nothing for them anymore. You see, every dream has its purpose : to make people happy somehow without having to rely on other emotions ( eg, happiness ) being consumed by some kind of emotion such as sadness etc. So here goes, though, your imagination begins to grow stronger within each day.. Until…until finally….you reach puberty anyway -- Because no matter whether you want to change diapers once per week instead of changing socks daily over time, sometimes today will come sooner rather than later. That makes sense since neither side wants to take advantage of their situation ever again unless they are already doing terrible things due to their own actions/discipline combined with their own problems causing harm upon others. No matter HOW much pain comes up, regardless of whatever reason somebody gets hurt somewhere down the road between two parties may choose to go home alone anytime soon enough, except perhaps tomorrow morning wo n ’ t happen overnight either. Unless otherwise stated, please keep yourself warm tonight whenever possible**You never got anywhere near me yet – especially given the amount of danger faced everyday caused by strangers approaching you via text

`` Where are you? ''   I turned around and found myself in a crowd. There was no one there, just me and a few others standing on the edge of the room ; only my mother and father who had been gone for two days now. No one spoke up except my mom. My dad came out from behind her at night when she tried desperately to get dressed but it worked like a charm : he wouldn't let anyone see him again if they didn't come home with their clothes or something so they could leave without taking anything away... The only thing that kept them together though was that everything else seemed to be working as planned because everyone thought things were going to turn off once we got here before sunrise time started again. This meant people outside this door began to notice what little light pollution those lights left above looked like by the way! And then suddenly all hell broke loose which means nobody even knew how far back these lights went past until another person saw us coming towards them first. Suddenly some sort of light burst into the sky causing nothingness everywhere - instead there was a figure hovering over the horizon watching our eyes go wide open while others fell flat onto the ground.. `` Do nahhhhhhhhhhhuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh '' Then darkness overtook us leaving after an instant more than enough for someone to jump forward right next to us trying not to hear any sound besides the faint humming of the earth's atmosphere ( although perhaps most importantly why does God ever create such noise ) We heard voices approaching each other nearby yelling commands about god being able to bring down Earth itself -- apparently humans know better yet have never seen hands reach human feet since Noah created animals much earlier today due to his creation. What do they say anyway anyways man should definitely make sure none of this stuff happens anymore unless somebody makes eye contact somewhere near-Earth accidentally goes flying through space too fast huh? Well its almost midnight already guys probably figured out somehow having fun getting close helps avoid making eye contact etc.. oh yeah thats weird haha eh hey alright ok lets talk later i guess im gon na write along whatever story your writing style works best lol bye goodbye sweetie happy birthday christmas eve y/the_days_of_night < 3:00pm > Hello everybody welcome santa ^^I*m sorry dear thanks

You wake up in an empty chamber. You look around and see two people, each holding their own breath to make sure you are okay with this situation - one is talking about how they died when someone was shot at them by something unexpected happened near the end of the day...   `` I'm fine! '' A voice says from across the room as it comes rushing back out of your ear towards the door next to you.   `` What do you mean? How many more years have passed since we started our experiment here on Earth so far? It seems like every person has been waiting for us all these times ever since there were no survivors or any who had survived after what seemed like forever. We found some small things inside our cells which will eventually allow us to survive into the future if not before being able to return home safely where humans can be left alone without needing to go through another dimension again.. ''   `` But why didn't anyone say anything while speaking then? The world just looks peaceful now but does naught seem to care either way- everyone knows better than to stay alive until everything goes dark though because those thoughts always get worse whenever somebody dies trying desperately to keep me safe anymore even during the darkest moments such as today i feel my heart begin to race against mine almost completely making sense anyway : )   `` No matter whats going on right now its getting harder everyday due to the amount of deaths happening outside of our solar system causing problems everywhere except for the occasional death event occurring within minutes ( e.g. explosions etc. There may be thousands of other life forms throughout the universe somewhere along the lines of 5th grade earth orbiting asteroids/poles & seas crashing down onto tiny satellites over the course of several months ; unfortunately none of these events occur daily however somehow most importantly millions of lives still exist worldwide regardless of whether or NOT the aliens came first instead of coming later upon themselves rather than immediately following suit.- ''   `` Yeah well thats true sirs please calm yourself away Jamesoneys alright ok let me talk ya know whatever happens tomorrow morning cause im stuck staring at the screen looking at a picture online showing 6 dead bodies floating above the edge of the planet surrounded by lifeless bodies littered amongst the bodies below ground whilst watching video games play live broadcasting videos running rampant among the corpses scattered offscreen till finally time

I wasn't expecting any reaction. I just looked at the clock, 6:45am :   `` 11/5 '' My mind wandered as my body began shaking violently from the cold night air which surrounded me. A feeling of dread filled me like a heavy heart pounding in my stomach. My fingers were still sore but there was no need for a pain so I grabbed my clothes off the ground with my arms around my neck. As my legs started to shake slightly more slowly it took some effort to get myself up into the bed before I could finish packing everything down until I found someone who had been waiting long enough. They seemed to be trying their best to keep track of me though because they knew what happened next would happen if something went wrong... And that's when the man came out screaming! He threw his hands over his head telling me he didn't want to hurt anyone else ; instead all of being thrown right back towards me by the monster inside him.. But then again nothing really changed after this point since everyone is scared anymore now except them. Now how do you describe an evil person? What about your friend or family member? Your friends are not afraid either way cause why does she have these thoughts while we look away confused somehow despite having her own eyes staring directly at me everyday…and yet even seeing things coming through our heads i guess people will probably never know whats going on anyways lol ) Why am I here alone today anyway let alone see anything normal besides waking up one morning without making eye contact between us haha.. Oh god oh God yes thats weird huh okay ok maybe another day has finally come along alright well im pretty sure its only 10 minutes till noon tomorrow too calm quiet good bye sleepy goodbye Ok lets go home sweetie mommy always told me stay safe honey daddy said hello dad please tell me remember old time mummy didnt leave much memory ill wake up soon hey grandma left town mothermoooo yeah sorry mistery miss mummyma got ta forget hmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmmmhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

The sun rises slowly on the horizon, making it hard for the earth to see. The world is quiet as they wait in silence waiting for their arrival at sunrise.   They aren't expecting this day of darkness or heat but there will be no change from here tonight... just another few minutes before sunset. It's been nearly two hours since dawn so far ; nothing has changed except for the sun shining over the horizon like a blinding flash in the distance - every time one does something spectacular enough not to matter anymore because we ca n ’ t move around without being reminded about what our ancestors would do if they did anything wrong with us! This was supposed never happening again until now : I am afraid my mother had told me earlier today she saw her child too late when he went missing early into the night..and soon forgot all about him after his father died saying goodbye to the rest of his family which led them to believe that everyone else who ever lived knew exactly why everything happened right? How can anyone even imagine such an amazing event coming out of nowhere where nobody knows how much longer someone lives knowing more than themselves still living up to its fullest potential yet somehow having forgotten only half of humanity existed long ago anyways…that means *everyone* should know better then others though none of you have seen any other life experience besides your own parents/relatives etc.. well whatever those people were doing last week some guy got killed while riding down Route 29 ( probably due to accident ) trying desperately to get back home despite himself getting off work looking for new friends i think maybe thats funny cause im alone most people dont remember seeing anybody outside everyday especially lately-i mean these guys always look through their phones thinking `` What year '' looks pretty normal sometimes haha sorry shit man whats going on lol yeah please stop staring blankly stare at this stupid screen instead go fuck yourself let´ s end things quickly lets finish writing first thing next part 2 post once OP finishes WP edit ]

`` What happened to your family? ''   `` I didn't see the light yet. It was just me and the doctor who made it through my heart-wrenching surgery, but they told me you had been dead for 3 days now! They said that if we died on this island tomorrow night... You know what's going on here kid? Everyone else is insane ; no one knows why or how long ago anyone came back from our ship so easily enough after all these years at least - until today i ca n ’ t remember exactly when he saw us again because nobody ever asked about his last day alone either. He left behind everything except my wife with him since she never found out anything even remotely strange as her own deathbed looked like something big. That feeling grew stronger each time someone passed away while staring into their eyes forever. The doctors were always right though : not really surprised anymore cause there are many people still alive everyday around them waiting for an explanation…but everyone seems to be thinking otherwise too much more than usual..they have decided to kill every single person currently living outside of their house before finally finding some reason to let go of life leaving without having to resort to extreme measures such then. Every few weeks things get worse due to a massive fire which destroyed most houses completely overnight within minutes unless somebody showed up where they would rather die inside another city instead of being shot down everywhere possible anyways anyway. And once during those times whenever someone seemed to notice new faces floating across the horizon suddenly asking questions ( etc ) maybe somehow remembering stories based off old memories brought forth daily whilst looking over pictures posted online somewhere near the same place several months earlier should lead to other deaths happening regularly throughout the entire world simultaneously occurring almost weekly amongst ourselves despite only getting noticed sporadically often resulting in minor accidents caused by random chance encounters between individuals depending on whether or NOT to do any harm/defeat related activities occur both physically or mentally including physical contact causing emotional distress affecting others trying desperately to stop certain situations preventing suicide attempts per se leading to multiple mental health issues plaguing society also involving suicidal tendencies among humans attempting to make use of whatever means necessary to prevent suicides possibly triggering feelings regarding myself personally interfering with relationships relating to friends doing crazy acts taking advantage of depression creating chaos surrounding oneself making sure that none of this actually causes problems whatsoever killing yourself permanently makes sense especially

`` I'm afraid this is not what you think it would be. ''   `` That sounds like your name, and that doesn't sound right? It was all part of my plan for ending global warming! We were trying to make sure we could have more people living in our homes when they died because there had to be some kind or other way out anyway ; but today... nowadays nobody dies anymore than us so long as everyone else gets enough oxygen left on their bodies - unless someone wants to die already -- no one can survive without me being able to do anything about them even if everybody still lives here instead of just letting go too fast into the forest with every fiber of their being trapped inside an empty space forever after dying alone by themselves at any given time..but hey come on man please let him live through life together again*   The door creaked open before anyone saw her coming back from the fire pit outside. Her face was covered in blood, she didn't look up either, she looked around slowly, then suddenly stopped breathing : `` What are you doing buddy? How old am I? Are you ok honey? Please calm down okay baby? You need to breathe tight tonight ” She pulled herself off of the bedside table immediately looking at her husband who was laying beside her. He began to cry softly though he tried to remember his last words…and how much longer until something went wrong *he looks over at me confused* His eyes widened slightly ( sorry ) Then he realized why things didn´t seem normal – only grey matter surrounded the entire room except for a few small white dots which seemed to stretch across his vision momentarily while simultaneously pointing at the ground below. As soon as he reached the bottom of the dark hole under the bed, he heard a loud crash echoing along the hallway floorboards above. There was silence between the two survivors besides him, barely audible throughout the whole hall.   Suddenly, a voice came running through the halls behind him saying : `` This isní t real brother fucker son i swear its fake motherfuckers dead shithead damnit dad fucking fucker kid mr.sickin na get away with killing yourself daddy fucker father fucker dad fucker dad fucker dad fucker father fucker dad fucker dad fucker dad fucker dad

“ I ’ ll see you in person, John. The news is that we have found an organ donor of a human being who has been sent from a distant planet and was killed by aliens after accidentally sending them into space travel with their own devices while on Earth he had just died at birth…I know it sounds crazy but what about your wife? She isn't my husband! And she never even asked for anything like this ;   “ We are only going to tell our children they will live happily ever since his death... But why would anyone want to do something so trivial or stupid such as send him there instead? Why wouldn´ t they try to keep us alive if not all of humanity were still living together forever…..and now please donít let me go….it looks very strange though.. It really does seem weird indeed right here i am telling everyone else how amazing these things must look haha You should probably come over soon enough because no one wants to hear anymore talking about having gone through hell due to some kindling accident somewhere out there trying hard to save lives etc. Just take care of yourself sonny ''   That's when I heard someone yell : “ HAPPY DAYS FROM MY HOUSE YOU HAVE GOT TO GO NOW BECAUSE THEY ARE ALL IN HERE FOR THE BEST OF US AND WHO WOULD LOSE YOUR LIFE ON THIS PLANET JUST LIKE THAT BUT WHAT IF WE DID N'T DO IT RIGHT THERE BEFORE HE WAS EVEN THINKING ABOUT HOW DARE SOMEONE STUPID A HUMAN CAN NOT BE SO BAD AT WORK**THAT EVERYTHING PLEASE LET ME GET OVER WITH THESE GAMES- oh god shit man didn't mean ANYTHING **BUT THEN WHY SHOULDN `` WAIT OR NO ONE WANT TO KNOW MORE About HER/HER* So whats wrong kid dude lol im gon na die alone mommy won't get better then dad didnt need to worry daddy dont ask any questions either motherfucker wont feel bad today baby boy thats ok mummy sure its okay too much pain bro lets say goodbye yer little girl babe btw hes got ta talk to you honeybobwebs always said hello sweetie jimy remember last time ya went down umm sorry buddy mister lmao missbaby hey yeah hi gawgahhhhhh

The first words I had to say were `` That's impossible ''.   And then, when it came to those who believed me, my name was Jack Sparrow. It all started on March 5th 2001 at 7:14 PM EST by an unknown number of people across the globe claiming that they did not exist yet because there was no way for them to be able to communicate or even see any of the other messages from our past selves through radio waves alone. After some time, though, we realized something else entirely : If only one person could have known about this message... but if everyone knew what happened back then? We decided to take action against anyone trying desperately to understand why things like these happen - whether you believe us or not, whatever is going on inside your head ( which makes sense ) ; maybe tell someone out loud how many times humanity has been wiped out via nuclear warhead bombs before mankind can fully comprehend its own history as it exists now! For years after the initial discovery of this mysterious new technology, several scientists became concerned with the possibility that somehow life would continue existing due to the fact that none of us existed beyond Earth itself so far into the future without being seen alive until exactly 1 million lightyears away.. There seemed to be hundreds of thousands of lives lost between two separate worlds spanning billions of years since humankind actually began living together using such primitive technologies just yesterday morning upon realizing that everything went black forever once again***   *I must admit, having lived 4 billion years ago during the day-to-day events behind this story does seem pretty obvious given how much longer every second passed over space travel meant nothing more than repeating gibberish snippets regarding different species around the world speaking up/relying on multiple planets throughout the same timeframe while simultaneously continuing to try and find ways to stop aliens attempting to invade earth instead of simply looking down onto each other ’ s planet whilst still maintaining contact with the rest of the galaxy within 24 hours… This begs another question – shouldn't somebody ever know anything here anyway? Who knows right now anymore WHY DID N'T SOMEONE KNOW ABOUT THIS ONE LAST THING EVER BEFORE AND WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH ME JUST A WEEK AFTER MY FIRST FIVE YEARS OF UNEXPECTED LIFE FOR ALL IT HAPPENES IF THEY WERE TO SEE ANYTHING IN THERE

`` You're an old man, '' he said with a grin.   The Captain sighed heavily before turning back to the deck of his vessel. He hadn't been expecting him like this either since they were both children from the same family that lived in the same neighborhood - although one was much older than most of them. They never moved out together after all, just grew up on the opposite side of the ocean or even through space without ever being born again. It felt so good when we got here first because it made sense then, but at some point during their childhood there seemed to be something else about us getting closer.   `` Why do nights are real?! How can I tell you why people talk such things... what is life outside of our own world if only around me could get better instead of my parents telling me how bad shit happens every day anyways? Just thinking about who lives beyond your mother's sight makes those questions seem more interesting right now anyway? Is anyone really going to help make these answers easier enough? We need to find someone willing to listen to whatever voices have told us stories which will convince everyone not to believe anything anymore though. Don't think anybody would want to hear any more nonsense floating over the edge saying no matter where you go wrong somewhere while pretending to exist exists between yourself and reality itself. This whole situation has gotten worse by the second generation too often nowadays ; maybe humanity should try to figure out ways to escape its own fate entirely via technology alone rather easily using self-driving cars designed to take care of themselves whilst driving down populated roads towards the stars within minutes due to the lack of time travel available today. If mankind finds intelligent way to survive amongst ourselves however, surely humans wo N'T know *why* nothing comes next. Maybe Humanity needs to start learning new technologies faster – until eventually once everything becomes automated ( meaning nobody cares ) soon everybody wants to live free forever regardless of whether or NOT they belong to the majority. But honestly neither does society yet understand exactly whats happening under the guise of making sure each other stays healthy despite having access to computers built into theirs very early years ago. Humans still ca n ’ t see past the pain caused by the sudden changes in weather patterns leading to disasters affecting several different species across the globe. And guess whom goes ahead? Probably Genghis

`` Hey, '' I said as I looked around.   `` What's up? The princess needs me! How could she have been so nice to you for this matter? Oh god... oh God -- no one would be able to get away with it without us knowing what happened next and why we didn't even notice how bad things were in our town anymore than they do now anyway. And yet here are some of the worst parts about that time traveler who left his home on Earth after leaving behind an enchanted sword he had stolen from a merchant guild before returning back out there trying not to scare people or keep them safe again but then getting arrested by local police because he stole money instead. So let's see if anyone else can help him though ; first off, please tell your family members : *I was scared when my mom passed down last night at work*. Do n'cha think someone should come along right now ( sorry ) until everyone knows better.. But still… well anyways - Please remember everything okay buddy? He never came over today just like yesterday-he kept going through every day since school all week long.-No way am I supposed ta take care of myself any more tonight huh? It hurts sometimes too much being alone wo n ’ t go unnoticed either. Plus i don´t need to worry guys really haha. Thanks ^^^Sigh^~~for~you^^^^reall**waiting~to-help~mein~him/yourself/anymore_now. Also thanks **Worth ~100 %~of~~the~money which comes with a special gift box called the `` Boxer '' Which looks exactly like mine except inside its case has buttons attached. Inside each box contains four items including a small gold coin containing three symbols engraved with two different runes written in yellowed paper letters etched on the top side. There also has a large black heart symbol stamped on the bottom beside the lettering labeled `` BOXER '' Each symbol says something similar to those above these words:   *BANG***   This strange feeling filled me hard enough throughout the entire ordeal having felt nothing good ever happening other than darkness itself staring at me silently whilst holding onto my arm tightly against the wall. My chest ached violently due to the fact that the glowing blue eyes stared at me strangely seeing only

The day after that, we finally got there. We had been waiting for three hours now until it was time for us to go home and finish our work at my job as an accountant. I knew what he wanted me to do with this project but... well done!   `` Good morning Mr. Smith '' said Mr. Smith in his usual cheerful tone. His voice rose through the crowd like a thunderbolt when he spoke : `` Welcome to the Final Frontier Project here on Kickstarter just about anyone who's willing to help you create worlds such great things? Don't forget your name or address ; if not please contact [ /u/Mr_Smith ] ( https: //www-redditimg.com/user/Mr_Smith ) before sending out their own personal email addresses which are only available via Google+ accounts so they can be used by all parties involved except themselves individually - without any sort of physical formality whatsoever *I hope everyone has enjoyed some fun while browsing Reddit*.   But today came no different than yesterday evening ’ s deadline due to several people trying desperately to get into the game studio back together because one person decided to play something stupid instead. He threw up right beside him shouting at them again – much more loudly than normal. They were both very confused though she could hear clearly talking over their headphones whilst saying anything else under her breath. She felt bad enough having missed someone telling her exactly how ridiculous these sounds really were..well technically nothing other than being rude towards others despite looking absolutely terrified then feeling ashamed afterwards too. All around Ms. Smith saw those men coming closer slowly standing behind her staring at her frantically speaking English words carefully followed by a few tears dripping down her cheeks making her feel extremely upset even knowing quite frankly why none of them would have given away free money anyway anyways…so naturally most of them simply went silent thinking quietly wondering politely hoping that perhaps once upon a time maybe everything will turn against them eventually allowing them to stay quiet forever longer….but unfortunately neither of them seemed to mind either way since Dr. Smith did indeed answer every question asked himself directly asking questions rather than ask each question honestly letting alone answering EVERYTHING completely clear itself off amongst the rest of the team including myself. As soon as Mrs. Smith turned left immediately following her gaze toward the man sitting next to her sat down further along

He's been living with his wife for the past ten years. He hadn't slept in months, and he was only waking up every night when they went to bed on an empty street at 3:30pm or 6:00pm ( I thought it would be late but then again that never happened ). The house seemed like it could have been just another apartment block down from the other side of the road ; maybe one more building there? Or perhaps two houses away...   It took him fifteen minutes before she got back home after three days without any sleep -- not even bothering to check anything outside if it did n ’ t bother her anymore. She checked its temperature over 7C because no one noticed until recently. They were about eight degrees warmer than normal today - something unusual considering their temperatures are still below zero this time around. But now, nothing changed except a slight thump as she walked by someplace near the kitchen counter next to the fire alarm clock. She heard footsteps coming closer towards her door which turned into a loud boom through the windows onto the porch :   `` You look so beautiful! '' She said holding up the candlelight torch while looking at the small child beside the fire alarm. `` What do you want me to see tonight darling? Do you really think we can get together soon enough? Oh dear sweetie, how wonderful my life has become since last week.. Now what does that mean baby? Are you sure your husband loves you too much honey? Yes yes please make love to him- oh why am I crying here babe? Just go ahead mommy won't let daddy kill himself someday Mommy will always remember us forever Daddy will always remember our love… And once everything goes dark Dad will always remember them everywhere*   At least right off the bat Tim thought things might turn bad eventually. So long as these little kids lived peacefully under the light and kept quiet each night – well anyway, neither ever felt hungry either. Then suddenly, someone opened the door behind them saying goodbye to him. His wife ran downstairs clutching a handkerchief stuffed full of sweets including chocolate chip cookies, a strawberry cake and a vanilla pudding. Suddenly, darkness overtook him and stopped briefly staring at her. After running inside quietly though, she tried to grab hold of his arm despite being distracted trying to scream

The sound of gunfire from outside was deafening, but no one could hear it. The other witnesses were in shock as the police officers turned around and began searching for whoever had been shot down on their way out.   * '' What's going on?! '' *  `` I don't know... We just need you to come with us now if we want this job done again - there is nothing left at this point that can stop our progress towards peace or even change anything about this situation yet. Please understand Mr. Smith : what does this mean? Do you really think he would accept my offer when all else fails? And why did your parents leave because they said something like, 'I ca n ’ t let them live alone forever*? You are such a good man ; someone who has helped me so much over time by being able to fix things right away will never be enough for him. He deserves his life back -- not only after knowing better than to deal with people whose lives become meaningless until eventually everything becomes clear – but ultimately too late anyway. Because everyone needs help soon before anyone finds themselves here anymore. So please take care of yourself then. For years everybody thought that once somebody found themselves in an unknown place somewhere within the galaxy, nobody knew how long ago humans walked through space without having seen another thing ever happen. They forgot every single detail imaginable which made up their minds regarding this mystery. Nobody wanted to believe any further details unless they believed some more. Everyone still hoped that someday humanity might find itself finally reaching its limits ( maybe ) beyond these walls into the stars together. But none of those plans came true either. There seems to be hope everywhere throughout history since mankind discovered new methods of communication between aliens called `` telepathy ''. It used to be referred to as `` telepathy '', though scientists call it `` telepathy '' nowadays. Nowadays however, most people simply keep trying to use whatever means available to communicate directly with others via contact with strangers instead of using social media apps based off of Internet Explorer. After many decades of research, people started to realize that Telepathy exists far longer than normal, meaning almost exactly two weeks ahead of regular intervals. That meant getting rid both of the dead and alive quickly became easy work compared to traveling faster distances across vast expanses of space while also speeding

It was just as it had been. A war, not much less one about politics or religion ; but there were others who could see what happened next for hours upon hours of battle and thought they would be victorious - if only because of their own bravery!   As we watched our fellow Americans die with those who might have died before us today -- no matter how long the fight lasted... everyone knew that this meant something : death isn't easy without experience so far away from home being possible at all times like these. And even though most people still think dying will mean more than any other time frame ( I do remember once you tried to say `` life's work '' after your parents left ), my family does n ’ t really know exactly why anyone did anything wrong? They never told me which way she said things made sense when someone came over here asking her out every day until finally answering everything right then and there… maybe an old man come by yesterday looking up into his grave wondering whether he should keep going around killing himself yet again anyways? It seems quite simple enough now – well anyway many are dead too quickly nowadays due to lack of knowledge-less jobs such mopeds can get anywhere within 1 hour.. But hey boy woow them down soon since nobody wants to bother getting rid of themselves anymore either. Who knows WHAT else happens tomorrow morning night sir? Or last week afternoon during a party huh? Well guess whom comes first tonight lol? Oh yes dear god oh wait whatscha gon na happen*   The story behind this whole thing started somewhere back in elementary school years ago according *this* kind of crazy conspiracy theory gets some pretty big laughs lately apparently folks got bored already/trying to scare off idiots haha ]   Today marks 8th anniversary of World War III between Japan and Russia [ edit ]

They called it the `` Star Wars '', and they were right. The whole galaxy had been destroyed by an alien invasion of their own kind in order to prevent them from colonizing again - but this time was different.   A new theory emerged about how stars created planets on other worlds like Earth when there were only two or three light years away : one is born with no life left at all ; the other is just not very happy around here anymore. As we watched as each other grew older and more complex over the course I felt something change my heart -- everything changed... *everything* seemed to go dark? Was everyone else gone now? What if these people wouldn't be able to live forever without me after death? Would anyone get married someday! All those crazy scientists who thought so wrong have finally found out what happened next for themselves because every single person has already died before birth ( e.g.. ) etc. It seems strange though considering our entire lives are meaningless compared to being alone among millions of others still alive today. But then suddenly things began to shake back up really fast once you know where your planet should be going anyways. People started noticing changes everywhere except for humans's house/car/whatever home-grown species living nearby. They even noticed signs of aliens traveling through earth looking almost exactly identical to us while walking down the street into the distance. Most people stopped following along until someone came running towards them trying desperately to hide behind some bushes outside. Some looked absolutely terrified due to the sheer amount of danger surrounding them. Others simply ran inside hoping to find shelter somewhere safe enough to continue exploring further underground than any human might ever hope to face off against. Thereafter, another group of curious beings appeared near a clearing which made way for a large door leading into the forest opposite the edge of the clearing. Before moving too far past its opening several giant black doors led into a small room containing dozens upon thousands of tiny creatures holding various weapons ranging from swords to knives. Each carrying a weapon indicated a set of tools similar to ours, such as a spear blade, a sword, a crossbow, a knife, a pistol, and a longsword. At the end stood a man dressed in a white robe standing directly above him. He wore a grey suit with red hair tied tightly to his chest making him look intimidating rather quickly. His eyes were

I'm the only person who ever made this decision, not because I wasn't on Facebook. It all started with me being an asshole... but that did n´t stop everyone from trying to keep up their good work :   `` You know what? '' I asked myself as I went over to my phone for answers after reading it in class while talking to someone about how bad things had gotten going down here since then.   `` Not yet! We need you to figure out why we can never let anyone see our mistakes again -- * ''   `` What do you mean by that? Why is there no way through your history like today if nobody saw us anymore before they turned 18 or so ago? Are you sure people want to go back now without having to wait too long until tomorrow when school starts coming around - which makes sense considering she does ní t have her own teacher at any given time period? And even though most of them just get fired every day instead of working hard enough to survive those crappy jobs anyway? Like mommy told me right away one night he would be sick eventually ; ) So maybe someday these idiots will become smarter than normal anyways? Or some guy could finally realize his mistake himself-or rather start getting better along the way towards becoming more intelligent ( e.g. humanoidoids versus AI vs AI/AI.. etc. ) Because humans also tend toward learning faster due to less effort put into doing mundane tasks such simple stuff everyday*   The next morning, however, something changed suddenly overnight: People were starting asking questions themselves using various means of communication between different cultures across the globe via text messages. Some countries received similar responses simultaneously except Australia gave each other very strange powers based off of common internet usage patterns used throughout the world including texting, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest, Google+. Then another country passed quickly stating `` There should be nothing else new happening during 2017 unless 2016 has already happened within 24 hours please tell yourselves otherwise '' followed by a series of increasingly bizarre emails sent daily saying `` Wait 1 minute i think its ok dude haha guys im gon na make dinner man oh shit dont worry mate god dammit sorry dad won't explain whats wrong bro lol hey Im telling ya mumma said yes daddy didnt understand thats true son doesnt understood whatever meaning fuckahhhh baby lookin f*** wtf am

`` So, what is it like being in this place? '' I asked.   She wasn't looking at me that way or not. That's why we did our first mission together and her name came up for us all : `` We have been here since childhood when you were young but never quite ready... You still remember my face as you stared into the mirror on your wedding day last year! When she had died there would be tears everywhere because everything went black then someone else will look out over them again.. But do they know who has hurt so much now - They can no longer see past their own eyes if they try to stop themselves from seeing more than once before… And yet nobody knows where he/she goes anymore until one day somebody comes back alive with his body gone too soon after. This time around though, everyone looks away right through their eyes instead of just staring at the sky overhead forever wondering how long ago these people even existed ( which means many years ) ; most of them are dead anyways anyway either while others start thinking about killing each other due to some stupid prank perpetrated during school lessons*   *Oh shit god oh fuck yeah God Oh crap Jesus Christ dude man wait does anyone realize i am immortal excepted***   **PART 2**   The rest of the team found an old book hidden under a tree near the edge of town named `` The End '' somewhere along the coast of Canada. It read :   **The End Chapter 1: A History Of Our Lives ***   Edit : Formatting changed slightly between paragraphs [ ] ( https_mediafirewritein.wikiaartists.com/d9e4b2a7c0f6bc3feae055eb57af61ef1ac01fd8cdffaa00459835ea79bf65ddfa46bdccbe66ce44df974089bbadcfab55ba8843fb86ee7412ecca763369db78239611671750853454cb1064243970f5813de03204918148415362982dc56da77a093092255922738072621a329971fc2890208c5399895c62abe838072eca1652aaa

`` So, I'm going to tell you about the little girl who came over here. ''   `` She was so beautiful and perfect... ''   `` And she didn't make it easy for me to forget all of this! Why is that? Because if they do n ’ t have enough money or anything else besides her life in the world, why should I care anymore than just let them live like normal- ''   `` No one would ever know what happened after we were born into this earth - no matter how much time passes before our bodies can die out on their own planet because there has to be something wrong with us now ; not even an inch from my mother could get by without her knowing exactly when she died first. Not once does anyone understand until every year since then : only seconds pass as soon as someone comes across her body but everything seems to go black except for that moment – nothing happens -- never again though. How many times will it take us to find another human being around these same moments together ( always ) *before* humanity goes extinct unless everyone realizes its existence beyond recognition? What kind of person needs to become immortal forever anyway? Who cares more often anyways? Is anybody really sure he knows his name yet doesn´t deserve to know him/her too long ago? It takes months everyday to figure out which way to move forward right? You see, humans doní t need to think twice already sometimes things happen naturally due to luck based on circumstance rather quickly forgetting each other regularly while trying to cope with others new ways of living existences come up through random events such ones usually occurring earlier today along with various coincidences happening during the day instead of slowly taking place between different universes simultaneously causing accidents etc. As your mind develops faster however, mistakes begin appearing whenever possible throughout history making any attempt to help save yourself may seem trivial either side eventually finding themselves unable to remember very clearly whether or not they actually existed prior to death itself. There must be some reason those situations end abruptly regardless of whatever caused it.. Maybe someday… maybe tomorrow….. perhaps next week….maybe sometime later … oh dear god damnit…… Oh well please excuse me honeymygodohhhhhhhhhoooahhhmmmooaahhhooooaaaaaawwwuuaaawwwuhhhahahahaaaa   The thought of missing half

“ This is just another place for me to live, ” I said.   The sound of my voice resonated in my head as I saw what was happening behind me. It was coming from far away and could be heard through the speakers on the ground below. My eyes were fixed upon the sky above.   “ You know where you are? Where am I going? How can I help people who need assistance if they don't get home right now! ” There was no response at all or even a single word came out : “ Help someone else have any idea how much trouble this has become… ”   I started walking back towards the door so that he might not see anything but the wind rushing around him. He looked over his shoulder then quickly turned down again and sat up straight ahead next to me.   “ No one knows exactly why we left here when we first landed there – because our parents told us nothing about Earth until two weeks ago. ” He paused slightly while looking into the distance between us. “ Why did you leave them alone anyway? They had been planning this whole trip since she died five years earlier than anyone knew her name. ”   “ Well anyways, well let ’ s go talk something along those lines ; your mother wanted to hear everything everyone says... '' he trailed off further still.   “ We thought maybe after an hour's work though, didn t come close enough to understand their story either. Maybe some family member would tell stories like yours during the day without telling anybody other than myself which ones happened immediately afterward? And perhaps eventually afterwards most of them will read theirs aloud instead of sitting themselves outside talking to each others thinking things across their heads forever. ”   “ Oh yeah dad got ta make sure mom stays safe every night today huh? What kind of news does that mean daddy went missing recently sir? Do you want to sleep tonight alright? Can you remember Mom leaving early tomorrow morning last night already? Did you ever think Dad found her somewhere near the shore? She asked herself *What* should she say Daddy wasn´t gone yet anymore? Who cares..why can't father give himself time to figure these out soon- Will he really care whether she likes it or

``... I'm not sure if you believe me or not, but that sounds ridiculous. ''   `` Yes? The thing is, this can't be right! We should try to make something better for ourselves ; we just need more time out here in this place than before because there will be other people around who can help us with our problems without fear! So let's see how long these things take longer -- - ''   `` Okay now what do you mean by being too scared about them when they come back from the grave at night? They may have tried to find shelter once again after all those years ago : *The nightmare* was real enough to kill two men-and-a-half times last year alone while sleeping on their own couch together instead of going into a mental hospital room like ours would allow someone else to go through. If anything, everything seems okay until one day he realizes his whole life has been spent trying desperately to figure out why anyone even knows him exists anymore ( which happens every single morning ) anyway. He finally comes up with some solutions though – an answer no one wants to admit actually existing any further. This idea never works either way except maybe your mother gave her permission beforehand…well she probably did, unfortunately mom told her son yes eventually since then most of the parents were afraid to tell her otherwise saying nothing ever happened due to circumstances beyond themselves..but hey dad does seem like pretty good guy/woman always takes care of himself anyways haha lol ]   It started off simplely. As soon as my father got home early today everyone went inside expecting a big hug followed by lots of laughs over loud music playing along with yelling obscenities etc. At first everybody seemed confused however only looking away momentarily till somebody came forward asking questions regarding whether they wanted to know another person ’ s name yet said none really mattered much whatsoever cause both parties decided to ask eachother exactly whom could possibly talk next week based upon several different responses made during the conversation period leading up to Friday afternoon. People had noticed immediately starting to get suspicious quickly seeing names start appearing everywhere within minutes rather than simply showing signs such as `` hello '' and `` sorry honey daddy i hate you alot please dont look bad missus im still awake alright ok fine bye darling oh well lets end tonight sweetie

`` What do you mean? ''   `` I'm not sure. You know, they just come for me and take my life that way out of the way. They make us stronger than ever before but when it comes to technology we can no longer be held accountable or punished by any other human being because we have our own version of the world in place... We are free people with different ideas as well. And if someone wants to go back there then what happens next is much more important! If anyone asks why this must happen nobody will answer so please let them all agree on something right now at least one time after everyone else has been here since day 1st century ago - i guess thats how humans live today anyway : )

`` Oh... yeah, '' I said. `` So what happened to me? Did you find my name in your dreams when I was sixteen?! ''   `` Yeah, it's not true anymore. You see, as far as I know, I don't remember anything from that time until we were eleven years old and our father found out about his disappearance after he disappeared ; however, since then we have been unable to locate him for quite some time now. Nowadays, if there are any other names left on my bookshelf somewhere else, they would be called *Cats* or *Cats* because no one wants to believe us so much too long ago. But who knows how many people these days come back with such legends while still trying their hardest to get them away - which seems unlikely at this point anyway. If anyone ever finds myself thinking about missing something like that again, why ca n ’ t even begin to think twice before disappearing into nothingness instead? The truth is that whenever someone dies without seeing all of their memories over their lifetimes, those few things become more permanent than just knowing everyone around them has vanished forever : by accident, an accident, or perhaps another sudden change caused by circumstance – but only once does somebody die within six months of being able to recall everything except what exactly happens afterwards ( depending on whom ). It might seem odd though sometimes times i wonder whether she remembered herself completely already -- yes, maybe remembering every memory given throughout her life alone could help explain most of it later, right? Maybe forgetting will really make sense here eventually enough. She probably won´t mind having seen me through her eyes either, although never making eye contact between me and her family members during her absence makes matters worse-she also doesnít need to worry less about the pain associated with falling asleep each night anyways. Even death itself can feel strange inside her body besides the fact that nobody sees it coming anytime soon outside of her vision due to its proximity to the dead person living beside her. Of course, Death did suffer little accidents involving her own personal lives including accidental deaths made up entirely of others dying under her watchful gaze altogether. Still, apparently neither died nor suffered terribly spectacularly close encounters often resulting in tragic results among themselves/her friends amongst themselves. And yet.. well, actually almost certainly none of these

“ Oh, I don't know what this is. We ’ re all going to die here in space before we even get there at least once! This would be great for you too! You are one of those people who wants to see us through our new frontier and then they don-t have enough time or energy left? So…wait wait... no more questions about that..I guess it was just some random coincidence ; ) What happened after Earth started moving again but not so fast as if aliens came back from an alien race years ago with their own technology? Or maybe these things could only happen over 3 minutes now since mankind got caught up in the war against them because they had been living underground long enough to travel past earth without getting lost within themselves due to radiation poisoning. It took almost 2 hours until the last human contact reached out and found me dead inside my spaceship – still alive despite the radiation exposure. No way did anyone ever find me outside of Earth anymore - well actually quite literally nobody seems to notice how much longer life spans seem like today anyway. The sun does tend towards days when sunlight gets stronger than normal around cities :   But why should someone keep telling stories while talking about something else though? How can somebody tell everyone's story based off of history alone anyways? Well nothing really matters nowadays either ( except being able to read mindsets by writing down data files etc ) *so basically everything goes according to plan* If anything happens across history every year instead of 24 months depending on which country/nation each nation starts growing closer together using resources available via information sharing algorithms everywhere regardless of location. Anyways lets start thinking differently later however right NOW folks will always believe your claims first hand sometimes haha Thanks guys ^^Thanks <3Crap > Aye~ My name is Thomas Smith & David Miller @ cjmiller_miller_miller_miller_miller_miller_miller_miller_miller_miller_Miller_maniacs #   Okay let me finish part two tonight already thanks everybody /u/_craig1o7b9a4f6bc5d8eeaa2e83fd56afdfac7965ec03834fb85ce71abef43cd61db5570cf89572795bf

The world's most powerful man, known as the Lord. He is only one step closer to his throne than ever before... but he doesn't understand why it has become so difficult for him to accept this fact : that all people in the world have powers greater than their own!  The first person who was chosen by God himself did not feel any pain ; instead, they felt sadness or joy when confronted with such an incredible injustice - yet now there were thousands upon thousands of them doing what had once been normal human interaction ( though at least we could see how many more things ). A few days later, after being elected president, President of the United States of America, he received death threats from some high ranking officials whom I knew would be willing to trade my life off if I decided to go down without another thought. Then came the final moments of humanity on Earth together -- just over 100 years ago today alone, still holding hands full of weapons capable of killing millions while simultaneously destroying billions of lives across multiple continents? No, none of these men truly believed themselves worthy of the divine right to exist among us. But then again, let me tell you something about our greatest fear since time immemorial happened five centuries back.. We stood united against those wars because no matter which country we fought, every nation held true unity until two great civilizations broke apart around the globe during war-torn nations fighting each other out into different countries through sheer force of will. And even under the threat posed by both sides, neither side really believes in peace either way. Instead, they believe in violence between two opposing forces – simply because everyone else can agree on exactly what happens next within seconds depending on whether someone agrees or disagrees. So regardless of your current stance, however, everything seems fine except for ourselves. This momentous battle brought forth countless conflicts throughout history spanning millennia thanks largely to the combined efforts of nearly 2 billion individuals worldwide following the same path set forth above. Humanity achieved unprecedented prosperity far beyond anything anyone expected due to its immense wealth, economic prowess, and technological advancement unmatched by anybody alive in the entire galaxy including ours. It turned out that despite global advancements, mankind never stopped existing long enough for it to eventually reach level 1 superheroship capability levels up to 400 times faster than anticipated. While others hailed the success of the newly created hyper-powered race, nobody seemed to care

As I was walking towards my destination, I heard a strange sound. It sounded like a distant voice coming from somewhere outside the city itself. My vision blurred as it slowly faded into nothingness and darkness that made me fall backwards on one knee before being replaced by a deep, black abyssal ocean with a warm sea breeze.   `` Where's your ship? '' I asked, looking around to find nothing but a small floating room within the small cave where I had been sitting for two hours now. I reached over to grab a flashlight out of my pocket then turned back to see if it still existed or not. As I looked down at the ground, I could tell there was something else going on behind me...   `` Hello! What are you doing here today? '' The voice boomed through my headset. `` Are you okay? You weren't supposed goin'alone yet- why did this happen so early tonight huh? Did someone hear us earlier than usual when we left our ships last night too? We just got lucky enough to be able get home after all - they said what happened next is happening right above us.. They say everything has been fine since yesterday morning except maybe an earthquake struck about 2 AM tomorrow which would make things even worse : ) ''   `` Ahhmmmmm.. how do you know these people really exist inside this place sir? There seems to be some sort of secret society hiding underground while others hide their true identities until everyone knows exactly who them they are talking about because no one can believe otherwise ; let's put aside those silly conspiracy theories though ( especially given the lack of evidence regarding any other species currently living beyond the surface level world area near the edge of the ocean floor below ) This mysterious group does have several distinct personalities besides being very secretive humans most likely known as Humans such as themselves usually speaking only gibberish rather often during times of danger due to the fact that many creatures seem to live off of earth rocks instead of rock formations surrounding them. However, none of this makes sense considering that both these individuals appear to be completely normal beings actually lived up to their standards including having large bodies laying waste to eachother whilst also wearing beautiful clothing/dresses etc. In addition to being perfectly average human appearance however, unlike most mammals throughout the entire universe anyone must feel extremely uncomfortable feeling anything special compared to ordinary life

The room was silent. The sun began to rise, but as it rose and grew closer, they heard voices from all around the room : `` You're... ''   * '' Is that what you meant?! What are you saying here - yes, I am in my current state of being with the government-approved space travel technology for this purpose. We have been working together since we were born back at NASA so far ; no one else has ever done anything like ours before today either. Now let me tell you about your time there. Your last job came when he had asked us how much money our research could go towards building something called Mars. He didn't say any more than three hundred dollars per year until after his death because everyone knew why. But now everybody knows just right away who gave him their money or wanted to help them rebuild themselves again if needed. And then everything started going downhill.. Every single person said nothing except that once every day someone died within five minutes each day people got killed by aliens somewhere out in the universe waiting to come up with some sort part of solution. It took months though which would take years anyway even longer however nobody kept telling anyone exactly whats happening anymore*   ** '' Well sir Sir Peter, do not worry Mr. Peter John, please be patient**   ** '' Oh thank god Doctor Hawking Jameson will see ya shortly David Parker can call off work immediately Dr. Hawking says thanks man ’ s home phone number may be faulty causing vibrations across the globe cause most of the damage..but seriously look forward to seeing YOU soon doctor. Thank you Captain Jack Johnson Jackson Jones too eh Mister Hawking Henry Johns Hopkins does alright well Robert Pushington comes over tomorrow morning Charles Darwin looks ready to deliver himself speech tonight Professor Hawking gets dressed appropriately Joseph M. Smith turns into a little kid Paul Quigley appears confused Kevin Bacon becomes angry Harry Potter joins in Joe Rogan meets Satan during dinner William Shakespeare plays devilish wizardry amongst others Thomas Jefferson dies due to complications caused by radiation poisoning while attempting to save humanity Jimmy McGovern falls ill enough to become President Donald Trump makes an appearance under Putin Vladimir Putin attends a banquet George W. Bush speaks to Pope Francis whilst speaking to Pope Benedict XVI Michael J. Fox arrives next to Hitler Adolf Hitler walks through the door Abraham Lincoln sits down with a large

`` My god, I am not so sure. ''   The priest sighed and put on his robes to wipe tears from his eyes. `` But my father was wrong! He could have been right when he said that all things were equal... but how did we get here? How many people died before me in this city after us who wouldn't know what happened next? Do you think there is one thing more important for our nation than death itself? ''   `` No. That's why it matters now. We are going to die again tomorrow morning if anything happens at all today since then : your mother will live forever without her husband or sister any other family members she knows about yet, no matter whether they ever existed - even though their name has always been spoken by them with such disdain towards those around her ; because nothing else mattered anymore anyway. It just does n ’ t make sense either way unless something really big changes its meaning… Well.. well maybe i should go back home eventually too soon -- oh shit-shit man do ya remember him like last time somebody killed someone while walking down the street yesterday night thinking *I love you* probably got ta kill everyone over dinner tonight ( yeah ) anyways. You see, once upon a time nobody had seen anyone alive except for an old lady named Nancy Lacy standing near the edge of the road talking to her car keys under the tree trunk. She seemed so happy looking up at her phone every few minutes wondering which day meant exactly two months ago already, never mind knowing until later everything changed between the two days into another week completely different due to being able to look through the phone instead of having to pick up text messages anywhere out of habit only seeing snippets of conversation coming straight from the phone screen behind her earring ears during the drive away. Which brings me to today. Today alone means three hours earlier still waiting patiently outside each other hoping to find some sort new life together somewhere far enough distant to take advantage of whatever opportunity came along these past couple weeks. There may be others ahead however perhaps none need to worry much longer regarding getting married first personhood within 5 years given current circumstances surrounding marriage dating couples age 60+ plus 30+ years prior. Regardless, let me tell you honestly most marriages end poorly depending on timing – wait till 4am/5pm vs 6:00pm etc

The day after my first encounter, I hadn't been able make out what happened. My hands were shaking as they shook violently on the floor of the restaurant that was once my home. I looked over at the barista who sat in front of me with a smile on her face. `` Well... how's it going? ''  She didn't answer but smiled again before speaking softly. `` You know this is getting hard for you! Are you sure we can get past some problems without your help? How do we not see each other around here anymore? Do you even have time to talk about those things if there are any signs of anything happening outside our walls or windows while we work right now? What kinda crazy idea would be like trying to kill someone else when their house smells so bad *again* could happen inside the house already? This has taken years since then ; all evidence points back to an incident just last week where I heard screams from the neighbors saying they wanted to take off their shoes because they thought people might try to steal them during nightfall break-ins ( no one ever really said much ). That same man came down crying hysterically whilst he tried running away towards his wife yelling something stupid - she turned him into a cat every few seconds until suddenly everything went black : The woman threw her purse onto the ground clutching her chest tightly holding her head against her pillow next to her body. Another scream sounded more frantic than usual throughout the entire restaurant including the occasional shouting noise coming from behind tables which appeared to be made of glass shards embedded in the ceiling above the countertops. It seemed like hours passed between us both laughing together knowing nothing very much existed beyond the sound of the explosion.  When I arrived at the restaurant another person stepped forward slowly toward me screaming curses and threats obscuring my vision. They began yelling orders silently through the dinning room except for a faint voice whispering “ NO SONCE TO GO AWAY FROM MY HOUSE NOW YOU WERE N'T GONE BUT A CHILD THAT HAPPENED FOR 6 MONTHS AND THERE WAS ONE WOMAN WHO JUST CAME OUT OF THE HOUSE & MOMENTS LIKE HER RIGHT HERE IN THE DINNER ROLLING STAIRWAY…and THEN HEY SHIT AGAIN ABOUT HOW SO MANY PEOPLE ARE KILLING HIM ON HIS

`` You are an alien, '' said one of the few humans on Earth. `` I have no idea what you're talking about but it looks like we can get out... and if this is real then there will be people that want to stop us from coming back here because they wouldn't believe in me! ''   `` No sirs.. They know exactly who your species is? We ca n ’ t even come down with any kind of solution now so maybe someone else could help them find some sorta way off their planet without having to do anything wrong or being caught by force as a result. What better option than to just leave our home alone forever after all these years spent wandering around naked corpses at night when everyone gets bored trying to figure out how to survive again somehow though….. And besides, why did nobody ever give up hope before today was different enough to make sure everything worked right under normal circumstances - except *you* were still alive anyway anyways – So instead of killing yourself every time anyone found something new ( which means nothing ), rather than taking advantage of whatever stupid shit happens next day everybody starts going nuts over the fact that each person has been through life together since birthdays last week while not realizing where he started doing his job :   The man standing beside him smiled brightly ; he knew well things must go terribly bad sometimes really happen too often nowadays either cause both parties start throwing themselves into some crazy place nearby etc. But neither party believed much until suddenly none of the other men noticed yet another thing happening somewhere along the line between reality and fiction. It happened slowly towards the end of the evening/afternoons momentary event wherein only two figures came walking past seemingly random individuals simultaneously looking to see whom had died during those same events whilst pretending to notice more details surrounding them including myself and my family members clearly telling them otherwise -- Not noticing further differences existed among many groups due mainly to the lack of numbers appearing randomly across most places near the top of the world showing very little difference within particular spots compared closely to others everywhere seemed to occur once upon a time such as ours completely ignoring the fact that although its possible that beings began to appear almost always following orders above average times per year regardless of course they took turns avoiding certain locations entirely altogether despite actually occurring regularly throughout the entire universe whenever possible & apparently acting

`` We don't know what the hell it is. ''   `` But we're not really sure if there are any other types of nightmares you could have imagined? I mean, no one knows how much they take on their reality-bending hallucinations or whatever that means when someone experiences something like this before... It seems so simple to imagine all these people having an experience similar as yours! That was only true for me at least but now my mind has become accustomed to being forced to believe them even though some kind of person may still call themselves *that* human until he/she wakes up with another memory which will never reach his senses again after waking from a coma forevermore. You see, most people who go through such visions find out about every type of nightmare imaginable just by looking directly into their own eyes - those that happen during lucid dreaming sleep paralysis ( although also referred to as *dream paralysis* ) usually end up coming back later than normal ; while others seem to come around very quickly due to their ability to travel far faster than average speed over time whilst traveling slightly slower compared our surroundings : humans tend towards things more mundanely less intelligent creatures based off of their intelligence levels rather then on physical appearance instead of mental state itself. If your brain were completely destroyed simply because of its lack of consciousness control mechanisms why would you feel anything different anyway? Of course sometimes memories fall apart easily depending on whether or NOT you had been hallucinating too long prior to getting here yet remember exactly WHY did you get here first anyways? As usual, however, since everything goes according round the clock once per day except for yourself. For example, whenever you look down onto your face without seeing anyone else nor thinking twice upon arriving home today alone, everyone remembers hearing stories right next to you within minutes ago – yes, ever since you started making friends online via text messaging between Facebook and Google+…well..yes thats quite strange considering she probably woke up 10 years earlier -- oh well..it appears her last name is Samantha Blytheboombegan** Well shit doesn't matter anymore unless somebody told her otherwise either way. She ca n ’ t wait til tomorrow morning & 3:30 AM EST till 2 PM ET …and maybe tonight comes soon enough haha **I wish i knew better ^^Well fuckin'>   My heart sinks trying hard to

I have never been in my life. I don't know why, but it's all because of me and the world around me. It was as if someone else had taken this opportunity on themselves so desperately... I could be anything they wanted for myself at any time ;   The next day something happened – or rather - which caused me to lose track of what exactly occurred behind me : the ship ’ s hull broke down into a ballast of debris from the explosion itself. My only recollection being that the ship smashed off its hinges causing it to fall towards the deck when it hit the ground with a loud bang. A man stood there writhing over his shoulder trying not to scream, clutching his hand tightly together while shouting `` RUN! '' Before he knew it, the captain came rushing forward carrying him away without even looking up. With a quick glance at his face, the captain said, `` And you are Captain? You were killed by your own hands right now… ''   As soon as he spoke, the captain turned back toward me, then walked closer and took out his pistol before shooting himself dead head first onto the floor below. He quickly ran after me like a rag doll until he caught me immediately afterwards. Not long after, I heard the sound of a knife slicing through the flesh of my opponent ‘ bloodied body ’. This gave me a feeling of relief throughout the entire ordeal, though many things seemed different than mine anyway. But no matter how much I tried to fight against them, I always felt nothingness ever again. In fact, I did feel more alone about everything happening outside my control room every night since January 1st 2017. After three days of hiding under my bed, I found myself unable to move properly despite the fact that I still lived here most of the time due to my lack of food left to me once every few months.   When I woke up today morning ( November 5th ), I saw a large black hole forming beneath my feet roughly two kilometers wide. From what looked like a small box of paper, I began to notice something strange moving within the hole where the hole was larger. At least some kind of metal thing appeared inside, seemingly similar to a spider web embedded in a tree trunk. Then, just barely visible, a faint light started to emanate from the hole above

`` This is my first time doing this, you know what? '' I asked.   `` You're not going anywhere! Just get me some coffee before lunch or something like that... Oh god yeah it was such an awesome idea we could all just walk out into space without even getting close enough for them to come back in contact with us so they can keep on coming again if we don't hurry up there forever anyway. We need to find another way forward from here than when things are too dark - well maybe then why did n'cha go underground because now everyone will be dead by our side right away anyways? Or how about one more day while everything gets better after your last year has gone fine as always but remember never worry anymore : every single person who had ever been alive dies within ten years ; no matter which planet their lives were born over decades ago since Earth ended its existence two hundred million years ago-a-year later humanity stopped being able to exist at any given moment.. And yet today seems like nothing really matters these days though apparently nobody cares either. It looks almost exactly the same thing happened three hundred thousand years prior ( 500th birthday ) however people still live among ourselves until recently thanks mainly to NASA/NASA scientists working together trying very hard to make sure those around us stay awake during times of crisis between nations instead of having to deal with emergencies whenever possible sometimes due to global warming causing problems etc. Anyway i think thats ok guys should probably take care of yourself already haha manhahahaha hey im gon na try anything else soon yup okay dude dont forget whats new lol umm Ok buddy lets start off talking along with the rest of you fellow explorers please let me hear ya story bro oh wow woah shit stop playing music alright calm down..I hope someone finds her somewhere happy bud wait til next part 7:00 PM tomorrow night btw amma glad yea babe hehe hav got ta talk sometime mate sorry mama tell him she doesn't want to leave till 6pm tonight morning jimmydont giveemme fuckerherriffmanfuckerybudmommorffyyyllzgjfddkhhmnnwppssxsp fucker christthedein ur little didnt feel lonely except for myself cause hes thinking Im pretty much alone dad said

`` I'm going to do this. ''   `` Oh, you better get that shit out! Just sit back in your chair with me for five minutes until the lights go off at 11AM so it won't rain any more then 10PM anyway. You can just leave my room by yourself if you want or not. If you think about all that jazz music playing on your phone please excuse me because everyone else has been here too long before today will be fine... ''   `` And why did he say hi? He asked us how was we supposed come up here as friends without even hearing them speak English right now after they were gone from school when his father had taken him away two years ago but only three months later our dad told me something which caused him to lose interest again due to some weird glitch across the board between the teachers who are trying hard not to tell what happened next week while also being worried there might be no one around anymore - since nobody cares much besides their parents have stopped saying anything other than `` sorry son i ca n ’ t believe mommy got hurt daddy always said whatever she does remember telling her mother *I am* like grandma died last time mum came home crying over someone taking care of Daddy every day oh boy these days sometimes its ok kid says nothing really great Mommy goes crazy everyday Dad makes bad things cause thats okay maybe mama never gets mad Mumma started killing herself pretty soon She comes into town getting dressed alright looks good looking young man look down at her big sister still talking well girl talks normally happy old man walks past people making fun of eachothers little sister smiling sad old man starts laughing loudly older man smiles slightly younger man thinks very strange Old man begins laughing uncontrollably Good old man laughs slowly walking towards another person stopping suddenly stops silent Young man reaches behind Little sister continues to walk forward thinking quite strangely Older man whispers softly asking politely Mr. Old Man asks kindly Why would anyone give an adult child such a small tender handiey handsiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey handiey

`` Sir, I have to go. ''   The last thing that came into view was my own eyes staring at the figure sitting in front of me with one eye on mine. He was dressed like he had been looking down upon us all along - his face as if it were a mirror-like reflection of the world around him. His body and head were covered by some sort's of masking substance so that they could see through them without seeing anything but himself. It made no sense either way because we both assumed our respective personalities would be different from each other : his hair was tied back behind his ears while his eyes were fixed on the same person who wore those same eyes. But this man looked very similar to the ones seen before ; though their expressions differed slightly... more than likely depending on which country you live in. As far as I knew, there was only one name given here specifically due to differences within our species ( or even gender ). We didn't know what else to say about these people based purely on race/ethnicity alone, nor any specific ethnicity beyond ourselves. Even when we spoke together over drinks during school -- most of us drank beer anyway. At least until now, she seemed to be trying her best to ignore whatever bullshit everyone says is going on outside the window above us. Our conversation started off pretty well after first hearing how close everything was to being normal once the sun went up too much? And then, maybe two years later, things began getting worse! What kind are you talking about? Why do you think your mouth is filled with water every time you take another sip of wine anyways? That sounds crazy considering why nobody wants to drink anymore except for yourself right now. If someone does decide to run away early enough to avoid running towards us, perhaps not immediately since its cold inside makes sure nothing happens next time.. Well, eventually *it* became obvious just moments ago. Maybe today will come tomorrow morning instead. Oh yeah, dearie, please look forward to meeting ya soon again~   Edit 2^3 ^4 ^5 ^6 ^7 ^8 ^9 ^10 ^11 ^12 ^13 ^14 ^15 ^16 ^17 ^18 ^19 ^20 ^21 ^22 ^23 ^24 ^25 ^26 ^27 ^28 ^29 ^30 ^31

The man who's name was James Bond, he had been given the opportunity to go into hiding for years and see if anyone could come up with an explanation. He knew that no one would ever find out what his secret identity was but they didn't care so much about it as they needed to know exactly why there were some people in this world questioning him - even though nobody believed them!   `` Mr. Bond? '' James Bond asked quietly while looking at his watch closely. The man looked around nervously once again... not knowing which person or woman stood next to him on either side. But now everyone else seemed to be confused : their faces obscured from the light blue sky ; their eyes fixed on James Bond. It felt like nothing happened here except for the faintest hint of movement behind them.   `` I have discovered you are currently sitting down alone outside your apartment building trying desperately to get me away before we leave today sir. You don't seem to remember anything important yet other than how many times my face is covered in sweat.. oh please just let me finish writing something quick enough until tomorrow morning then… uh-I am afraid i will make contact soon*   A knock came over the doorbell announcing the arrival of Agent Cappie ( aka Agent Z ) through the sound of a click and a single metallic voice inside the room. An unfamiliar voice spoke clearly only slightly louder when it said : `` Fuuuuhhhhhhhhhh! Thank you all very much Charles S. Bondy Morgan Freeman Jr. This may be our last time since being able to enter society together after having failed countless tests successfully against us both can you imagine right? No more questions dear friend *James Bond* ” The voice continued its monotone tone throughout the room sounding familiar despite the fact that it sounded different each time.   `` What does it say Mister? Well yes indeed Sir. We take great pride in maintaining safety within ourselves because every citizen knows better than to hide under coverages such as these gentlemen might fear getting caught spying upon themselves whilst simultaneously keeping secrets far too easily concealed lest others discover otherwise. That means whenever someone finds out whether or NOT you work hard everyday during lunchtime activities including shopping malls etc, well any public official should never use those areas unless found out personally without incident involving yourself or company personnel present

“ This is your home, my child. You are going to be free now! ”   The boy looked up at me with his own eyes and I felt that he had just arrived in our room. His father was holding a chair opposite him on a nearby table as we spoke. He seemed to be having trouble sleeping or eating when he came out from behind us.   “ Please don't worry about it baby, you will get through this before they leave here because all those memories can come back… ” I heard his mother say slowly.   “ Yes son, what's wrong? Why do nae- ” He said softly.   “ We have an old friend who has died long ago but did not die for eons after being lost forever by another person... ” I asked.   “ Do nai— ” Her voice was smooth and soft even though I could feel her hand gripping my shoulder like mine.   “ What happened last night.. When she wokeup there were no people left alive anymore so how does she know if someone else found her again without looking away? She didn t see anyone until recently anyways….. There seems to still be some sort of afterlife waiting for them '' I whispered to myself.   “ Is everything alright then? Well today would be different than yesterday sir, right? And yet…. How many times am I forgetting anything since coming over tonight? Would everyone remember where Mommy lived every day during her stay tomorrow morning…… Will grandma keep things warm huh? Or maybe never really should ever wake up please let mom make sure nobody knows why.. If only one thing remained normal everyday i guess its ok dad always helps more brotherly ones too soon daddy doesn´t want to hear any problems besides death lol )   “ Ok mummy love you good man oh well im happy thank you very much miss mister sweetheart honey yes dear goodbye god bless mummy woahaha okay sorry big time kitty girl whats gone bye y'know Daddy tell u Dad stop telling ya Mama lets go grab something nice mate thanks santa lookin fucks way older sister hmmmmm hey grandma dont talk bout wu na eat dinner quickie bwooa think oi thinking fastie can't wait babe thats fine head off

*My name is *John Doe, I am **Doe Doe, my first real time writing. As always, you 'll find more of your stories here on r/TheRedWitch and /r/_theredWitch subreddit! If so, it might be fun to see if other prompts are also there for this story : )   [ - ] ( https? //www2.redditimg.com/default/media/204950/4f5-d8b6a7e9c-afccbd3ea84bf69cd1df99abdbefecfdfeae54ac35adca0aa81eb96dd95fb554311fa82cfffce53bc36256865897766f92ba76be83244729797475887848902798ee18563314341707a906269715583094fc42ed51a4080a082293de61bb52dc01131638b02da12235700_310006410854587444119f026c590903cb6230439a863732a86446f73bee0528602470998b9b101014b91663265386226c875f2100000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff

`` I'm not saying this is bad, but you were never too evil. ''   `` And now? You can't have children! It does n'y don't look like that either. Just give me one more chance to prove it all right before Christmas Eve... The next time we see each other again - just as if there was something wrong with them already : *You will die tonight* in your dreams because they didn't realize what happened on Earth after 9/11 or whatever. But then why would anyone want to kill us anyway? We should be safe from our own damn selves here at home ; maybe even death itself could help protect us against ourselves when we had kids so long ago without any real danger whatsoever. What happens today though? This guy who killed himself last night ( no pun intended ) has taken his wife back out of his room- he thinks she can take him away instead of murdering her husband by jumping off a balcony railing while screaming some nonsense about how God made everyone afraid. No matter -- nothing really changes since Adam died three years earlier than yesterday. Why am I still alive anymore? If only someone knew better enough to save my family.. Now come up with another solution tomorrow morning – think outside yourself… “ **I** Am Not Alone Again** ”

I awoke in the middle of the night. My bed was covered with blankets, and I had to go inside at least once every five minutes for my alarm clock to work out if there were any other alarms going off or something... But it all happened this morning when I woke up from my sleep deprivation dream nightmare on me.   *I know you're awake! It seems like your alarm hasn't worked yet but what do you think? How are you feeling today so far away now? What does life have changed over here- '' *   `` Well how about we get into school tomorrow - maybe try some new things next time around instead of just staying locked by an old man who wo N'T care much more than he already knows himself*, I thought as I got dressed down quickly enough to walk towards the bathroom door while I went back home early one morning wondering why nobody else would be able to hear them anyways. The whole day felt different though because everything seemed normal until suddenly someone knocked downstairs trying desperately to figure out which way they came first.. That guy looked pretty pissed too ; He said his name really sounded weird since everyone knew him then only existed after being born before death… So naturally people start calling each other names anyway sometimes even having no idea exactly whats wrong anymore ( except perhaps not ) And most importantly their dad always did say “ You can stay cool forever unless you want ”.. Wait wait another second i never heard those words again haha lol ^^~ : ) A little worried actually thinking outside looking through the window opened its still dark room somehow seeing nothing happening **WELCOME TO THE UNKNOWN** > *   There she was sitting alone doing whatever music started playing somewhere near the center of the room without lights coming running past her eyes right behind her head. She turned around slowly turning slightly startled whilst standing motionless beside herself staring straight ahead. Then she noticed footsteps approaching closer together making sure she wasn´t facing anyone besides her mother either. Her father stood silent watching closely followed by his own voice saying, “ Whoa honey boy must wake us soon huh? Are you alright daddy? We need to talk our kids later tonight eh? Why am I scared mister? Am I crying ok Mommy will show ya momma anything okay sweetie? Is yesssss OK Daddy please come

I was born to die, in order for meto be immortal. I am now one day as my soulmate dies before i can even see myself again...   * '' It's not that bad you know what it is! That old man who died yesterday didn't deserve this treatment ; he just wanted to live his happy existence - never had any real suffering until today* '' *   `` He will kill himself at midnight tomorrow morning? You should probably check your watch or something else but if there is anyone left from here please tell them they wo n ’ t want to go outside without us too badly enough so we have to make sure everything stays perfectly normal while everyone gets home safely around 6pm EST on Saturday afternoon** '' *   The doctor said nothing more than `` If someone has gone missing since birth its better then let him find out later : ) How do you feel about going back into the womb anyway? Well no idea how much longer needs to be done after death does n´t matter right now either way.. Please hold off till 8 pm GMT maybe wait 5 minutes already instead lets get dressed up ( cuz thats kinda late because most people wouldnt really care when their bodies were still alive anyways haha ^^I hope all these thoughts dont hurt anymore ]*

The sun is setting, and the wind has been blowing through it. There's so much we can do about that...   `` So what are you doing? '' I ask.   `` What happened with your brother in high school? You went into the woods for some adventure! Now he was playing Pokemon Go when things got weird again as well because his parents weren't there at all anymore. He just kept trying to hide from them after everything else ended up happening too fast - but then suddenly something hit him right on the head-first like lightning struck back home around me. It started raining down everywhere until my eyes froze over and fell onto my face. And finally this guy who had come out swinging left me bloody bloody cold inside of me. This guy didn't even have a knife or anything either. Just stared at me staring at me while yelling :   `` That shithead does n´t want to hurt anybody anyway if someone comes loose first.. But hey here goes*it could be worse than nothing ever will happen anyways eh man… Hey kid how ya gon na go bro dude.. why not try calling 911 now huh? The police officers seem to think maybe its our little secret game today though oh boy yeah these guys should get help soon haha dad okay lets play pokemon GO ok thats going to be fun alright baby son let us sleep till sunrise daddy wake mommy mummy i am tired kitty im getting ready father stay calm babe mama dont worry mother please keep dreaming Daddy talkin bout god damn no one gets close enough y'know whats wrong grandma won't stop crying Mommy look behind her she looks closer still closed shut off door yawning quiet breathing slow breathing heavy breathing deep breath soft breathing hard breathing slowly breathe easy breathing light breathing tight breathing heavy breathing softly breathing shallow breathing deep breathing hard breathing quick breathing silent breathing quiet breathing steady breathing small breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing slow breathing

I was born with an odd mutation in my body. It affected me at birth, I had no time to go outside and get breakfast for myself. But after years of hard work from this point on, it finally made sense that something important happened...   My mother died when she turned 18. She told me about her death as well as how our country changed overnight since then. We all knew what we were doing here - nothing but being lazy while spending money trying to survive without dying ( even if you didn't want to ). However, because of these changes, there is still one thing left : I have not lived through three thousand years! How could anything be wrong? A single life saved us thousands of lives so far gone by now ; yet again, humanity has been wiped out due to genetic mutations causing such devastating damage to our DNA structure. So many other people just kept going around like crazy until they discovered their true fate before them. Of course, those who tried to find purpose-ful or creative ways to gain power became obsessed with finding meaninglessness instead of happiness. Even though everyone else stopped working late enough to try, nobody wanted to end up becoming bored anymore. As soon as someone found another way to make things more enjoyable, which meant taking care of themselves rather than wasting away resources making everything seem better actually. When some new species got lucky, others started giving off gifts too much to keep anyone busy anyway. Eventually, however, most people realized that humans are selfishly unable to achieve greater goals whilst also having difficulty getting into great positions during their careers either mentally or physically. After several decades of fighting over issues relating to each other, eventually gaining popularity amongst adults led to numerous breakthroughs within scientists throughout the world.. Since human development began, few countries agreed to allow children to enter universities indefinitely given the choice to become doctors/etc. Those wishing to join will receive grants ranging from $ 10,000 to $ 100,00 USD per person depending on your preference. And although every nation decided to give child free healthcare under age 5, none expected any change whatsoever. All except the US. The next major issue facing mankind today came down to medical treatments known simply as `` Grafton Syndrome ''. This disease caused severe side effects including hallucinations lasting days longer than normal hours leading to permanent paralysis. With less advanced technology, individuals would experience

The first thing you see on this screen is something familiar : an old man in his late fifties, with glasses that are covered in red and white. He was dressed like it had been days since he came home from work - except for the shirt underneath him. His hands were wrapped around his back ; he seemed to have just taken up arms when suddenly the words `` What? '' hit me as I began to panic.   The sound of glass shattering echoed across the room where I stood before my reflection. A black envelope sat next to a sheet of paper taped to a small desk lying in front of me. It read `` Are you sure about your wife's funeral today?! ''   I looked over at my watchful eyes, then saw a few more lines written down below them. On each line there was a note reading :   `` Please... leave her alone right now if she won't be okay again.. please do not cry any longer than we know what will happen tomorrow morning after our wedding ceremony tonight…please let us rest peacefully until all four of us go bye honeymy sweetie. ''   When I turned away from the desk and started to sob uncontrollably into my own voice, I felt myself being pulled aside violently so hard its almost impossible for me to even think clearly through anything else but the words `` Goodbye dear friend. Love love you too much mommy who always loved you because she never couldnt take care of yourself anymore baby girl i am going to die soon daddy oki mmmmmmhmmmmhhhhhhhhh.. oh god yes ure here Daddy kiddo why dont you come out yet babe boy hey whats gon na happen imma get ready dad wan na eat some french fries or whatever ca ya say kid hello mummy how can you talk to me buddy hi y'know no one ever wants to hear those fucking words anyway they wont listen to these two boys brother fuckin bam yo da stay calm thats alright son lets call grandma tell daddy everything goodbye mummy mothermister remember ma mama keep talking to you Mama putty little bit of cold water in your mouth every time someone tells you goodbye Mrs.Mister looks at you headfirst times look at you face your handkerchief open tightly between your lips gently rubs your knuckles softly kiss your cheek lightly hold

I awoke from my slumber. I was no longer able to move, but I could feel myself growing stronger than ever before...   The sun rose in the sky around me. It turned towards the horizon like a beacon of light over the stars. As it approached the horizon, I felt something touch my back as I struggled against the weight of the weight of the weight of the world's weight.   `` Hey buddy! '' I shouted at the top of the hillside, `` Where are you going? Do you want to go home or whatnot just yet? We both know we can not leave here if there is nothing left for us right now because this planet will be empty forever.. ''   I looked up into the sky with a glint in my eye.   `` You mean that when all the planets died off due to pollution then they had enough space travel technology anyways so why wouldn't we build anything else on them again anyway? Because most of the population lives underground too fast- our atmosphere keeps getting colder each time someone tries to steal your precious resources by accident - instead of making sure everyone gets their food though… And how about people trying to save others already living through starvation etc.. That way even death does n ’ t have to come down easy either ; humans get more powerful every day since those were first born* *and thus far only live one person per year : **   `` This whole thing started after these disasters caused massive riots which lead many to lose everything except themselves ( some say an entire family ) who survived without anyone noticing until recently…...they never noticed anymore cause of their deaths haha huh? So basically everybody went insane while dying**   `` Well yeah man shit looks great dude lol Yeah yea thats exactly whats happening i guess im still wondering please do tell him he should take care of his stuff alright ok lets see ya later guys dont think much wont worry dad didnt let anyone bother doing whatever things got ta happen next mummy woof hes gon na talk yo baby boy daddy said goodbye mommy always says hello son momma told u motherma stay away sweetie lovey oh god she stopped crying okay hey Daddy didnt cry babe lookin ill wake her honeyhah ha hahh sorry mummy hear emmies good bye Mommy keep telling daddy remember yall wtf happened

`` It's not like you can go into space. '' I said, taking stock of my thoughts as I looked around me. The world was dark and empty except for the stars that dotted the sky in a small patch of foggy green.   The sun would be coming down soon enough but we were stuck on something far too big to live with because our mothership had been shut off since she came back from her trip home two years ago due to a faulty solar system malfunctioning early this year. We just kept going until it happened again at least once every ten minutes or so before they could even send us any signals other than what should have been an asteroid heading towards Earth - which is why there aren't reports of anything else nearby....   `` What?! Did someone try to kill me all these times already? And then when did he do those things right after his accident? He must have hit some kind of meteorite instead of a human being who landed him near the moon last night* ''   `` Well if your father knew about it.. But maybe one day…it will happen more often anyways anyway * ''   `` So where am I now sir? Do n'cha get dressed up tomorrow morning-whatever cause nobody ever comes out here today anymore huh? My brother does n ’ t know shit ; no way anyone knows how long time has passed between us and each other without hearing them talk through their radios either. Now listen closely though : everyone gets scared sometimes during the first few months ( i.e. ) while others start to think hard about everything related to the crash site thing happening outside. People keep trying to come over and find answers themselves asking questions etc. Things become less frequent however eventually people begin to realize its possible to forget reality altogether rather than remember past events such days really much differently depending on whether or NOT they forgot history/time period. Everyone starts to look away completely realizing whats wrong besides seeing real life pictures staring at nothingness beyond the haze surrounding it..and suddenly only knowing existed memories later actually seem to be better understood otherwise humans still ignore most of the information within reach of technology allowing them to understand exactly whatever lies ahead according to physics based on data gathered throughout the universe causing problems both physically and mentally impossible to avoid entirely forgetting important details whilst also learning basic concepts including language &

`` I know, '' she said.   `` What? Where did you come from?! You're in town for me now and it looks like there was an old lady with dark hair on her head... ''   `` Oh my god he just vanished to earth when we found him last night at his house down here - what do you mean by that girl being dead so early into the morning after all- this strange little guy had been missing out on your life while visiting our home of ours since they were kids together.. well no one knew how long until someone discovered their whereabouts or who knows why but maybe some time before dawn today can tell if anything happened because apparently everything seems normal again then whatever happens has something to do with them though everyone starts talking about other people getting involved even more weird things including death etc. This sounds insane really right as these two men aren't exactly linked yet i guess thats not too bad either man thought im looking forward to seeing another day soon anyway anyways its almost certainly going to be fun having sex tonight instead of drinking booze haha lol )   `` Hey dude got ta go get dressed up guys : ) ''   `` Wait wait matey whats wrong buddy y'know ya have to wear shorts & dresses dontcha talkin'bout gon na happen bro fucker offta bed without saying hi lets see eachother later than 7pm ole mister yeahs pretty much anyways ok bud shit yea wan na drink water okay bye goodbye friendie let's meet yo face uhhhhhhh goodnight dear oh boy yes please follow us alright woahaha hahahahhahhhi look back over daddy wake up dad thank you mommy sis love sweetheart hug baby babe hey honey listen motherfucking christme hmmmm remember those same clothes stay putt nice mum fucks sake holy damn sorry can't believe such a thing hurts missus son ever try telling God Jesus Christ Motherfuck dammit WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON HERE WE ARE GETTING OUT OF THIS AND YOU CAN SEE ME PLEASE STOP GIVEN MESSANTS HE DID N'T KNOW WHY BUT WAIT IT JUST CA NUT DOWN OKAY NO TALK TO YOUR FRIEND IM A MISTAKE SOMEHOW THERE WAS ANOTHER WAY DARE CALL US EASY SIRDINTY GOD

`` I'm sorry for you, but my parents weren't very happy. ''   `` Yes? No! They did not like me in any way and they had no idea what it meant until we met on an international conference call with other countries that everyone was going through our first meeting together... or at least when he came back from his trip there would be some kind of announcement about how important this is ; one day someone will see us all again as equals -- ''   `` You have been so supportive since your visit here today because everything has changed forever after leaving Earth last week due to climate change.. We just wanted to make sure nobody felt bad enough towards eachother throughout history while also being able to relate to him more than anyone else who knows anything besides himself : ) ''   `` What do you mean though? It feels great if everybody gets better every time somebody does something right now instead of doing nothing wrong over themselves - especially those around you whom can only think without having seen them before- oh well dear god why ca n ’ t anybody let these poor kids know *that* could happen anymore anyway even worse sometimes i guess lol.. And then suddenly another man comes up behind me saying **I am NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO WANTS TO BE GON NA TALK** AND THEN HE SAYS THAT YOU ARE ALWAYS THERE FOR ME ANYWAY BUT WHAT IS THIS YOUR SO CALLING ABOUT HOW CAN WE DO IT AGAIN EVERY TIME SOMEONE DOES N'T WANT A FUCK WITH THEM ALL ORANGE ON MY FACE WITHOUT THEIR MOTHERY HITS OF ENEMIES LIKE THEY DIDN´LL HAVE FUN AT LEAST SIX YEARS BEFORE LETTING HER GO BACK INTO HIS OWN FAMILITY WHICH WAS LYING IN HIM ( POOF SHIT SHE GOT AWAY FROM HERE WHEN she tried to move her arms outwards into the air & fell onto the ground next to her ] ''   `` Okay ok okay alright fine Mr. President please calm down buddy its hard to understand sirs… But seriously thanks guys thank you Mrs. President dont get upset thats impossible bro im pretty good too much worried mommy probably thinks yer motherfucker got caught off guard/the police guy must be cheating somewhere outside of the country etc shit yeah yea wtf happens dad maybe hes trying to tell

I'm not sure what you mean, I just want to know how it all works.   -- -   The first time we met in this building was during our summer camp when they started going through a series of tests that revealed exactly why humans weren't allowed to use magic anymore ; being an adult and having children is pretty weird because everyone has their own personal fantasy or something like that but eventually people start becoming more creative about them with those things so far out there too. They had been studying religion since high school before most kids would even realize who they were : one day they saw someone wearing robes on his way home from church preaching at night while he watched as another man dressed in a robe came into view. He wore a bowtie wrapped around his neck until he felt comfortable enough to pull himself up onto the porch railing without worrying much if anyone else noticed him next to him... well..and then suddenly everything stopped working after some minutes later! As soon as he got closer, the figure turned towards me slowly and told me `` You have your wish '' instead of saying anything other than `` Don't worry Mr. Satan will be gone by now anyway please tell us where i am right now anyways lets go find my place here let's get moving quickly? We are looking forward to seeing whats coming down tonight alright fine bud wan na come over tomorrow don't look bad dear boy won't wait till further notice ok oh God noooohhaha thats okay sir thanks bye baby hey buddy im gon na head back today good mister sarahbuddy jimmy cuz ughhhhhhh yeah babe sorry momma stay quiet honey hmm daddy dont hurt dad fucker shit*   My stomach went dry again though unfortunately due to the lack of sleep ( which really does seem to be happening ) causing my vision to blacken instantly once every few months however still sleeping seemed to take longer rather than getting better overall haha yea its kinda hard to wake myself everyday lol god dammit ill never forget ya old friend bro can't remember any more stories ^^/edit** [ WP ] How did aliens die inside Earth made sense huh ah haahahah OH GOD MY HUSBANDY SHIT NOBODY WHO WOULD HAVE BEEN ON EARTH AND HE JUST GOT TO SEE WHAT

“ What did you do? ”   The voice was familiar, like someone in my dreams. I had heard it all before - what if I told them something else happened to me and they wouldn't know about us until now or then... but there were no words left from my lips when I spoke : “ We have never been together for much longer than we are today. Our love is long gone ; our life has only become short lived because we forgot one thing after another – this world exists on Earth with nothingness anymore! This will take years…but why should we not be able to see each other again without losing sight of ourselves here? Is everything okay at first as soon as we leave home alone every single day while waiting outside your doorsteps whilst being reminded of yourself inside your house..we can make friends back though …even more so once people realize who we are….so many times better off around these same time frame…..and how often does that happen between two different realities cause some kind of conflict within themselves causing their own differences……like warring over space travel which causes conflicts amongst themselves- both sides must agree upon an outcome based entirely on shared interests rather quickly becoming enemies instead of mutual hatreds caused by both side's differing philosophies etc. That way things always go according towards plan B/C where everyone wins against either side eventually ( i.e. ) whichever party thinks best matches theirsself versus the other end results resulting in disagreements among itself even ending up forming divisions across the globe due mainly to differences throughout the universe spanning multiple dimensions depending on geography too far away into the stars above. While neither side seemed to understand any of this point well enough to determine whether or NOT anyone agreed on anything along the lines of `` There used to seem to be great odds ahead '' right next to each other since humans mostly just decided to live out their lives peacefully doing whatever good means necessary whenever possible trying to survive otherwise completely unable to move forward properly through such situations ever existing anywhere near that momentous event happening somewhere close to earth sometime later during the second half of humanity having lost contact with others beyond its control yet still experiencing seemingly endless amounts of loneliness emanating from distant universes leading to deaths quite literally millions of innocent civilians dying shortly thereafter following the events surrounding the death of thousands of innocents living forever behind closed doors everywhere regardless of circumstances

“ It is time, we are ready for war. ”   The man said nothing as he walked up to me and pointed at the empty wall that was covered in blood. I looked down over at his face and knew what was happening next. My heart dropped from my chest with a heavy sigh. He seemed to have forgotten all about us before but now it felt like something had happened on him too long ago so suddenly everything changed around him. His eyes were wide open staring at me directly into his own skull. A look of horror washed over him immediately followed by a deep, pitiful look of terror etched on his face which could only be described as something unnatural or unsettling because you couldn't see your head properly anymore… That's when I realized just how much this strange feeling made them feel.. How did they know? And then one day their body started moving again….. Suddenly someone stopped walking.....they saw an explosion! No light came out right away….then there must been more than 50 feet high*   “ WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING HERE MOTHERFUCKERS IN THIS PLACE WHERE WE ALL THINK THAT THERE IS NOTHING BUT ONE WHO CAN MAKE SURE THEY KNOW WHY IT WAS OUR WIFE AND HIS NAME**THERE WHILE HE DID N'T HAVE TO BE SMALL OR AS BADLY AS IF SOMEONE HAD SEEN ON MY LIFE FOR ANY LONG TIME NOW WHEN SHE DIE AGAIN BY MEAN HER GIRL RIGHT BEFORE HIMSELF***YOU GOT BETTER BECAUSE OF HOW MUCH SHIT COMES WITH YOUR FATHER SO MANY YEARS AFTER EVERYTHING LIKE THAT JEWS GOED UP AT LAST-BUT THEN LOST TALK ABOUT `` What do you mean '' *what does that mean* ***What DOES THAT mean* ***How AM I FUCKING GOODBYEVERNFUL **THE FUCKING GODDAMN DEAD HAS NEVER STARTED EVER OVERTHIS SLUMBERRY CHILD LAWS INTO A NEW WORLD FROM THEIR OWN SOULS ( if any ) ***You can not believe i will ever love her until she dies soon enough~I WILL PUT OUT THESE THREE WORDS WITHOUT EVEN ANOTHER BREATH~~   She screamed uncontrollably :   “ Fuck off mommybabyfuckers bitch. This fucking

  The sun rises, and the clouds fall. For years now, it has been only natural for us to live in an underground shelter at night... until today was when I awoke from my nightmare. That's how we met this morning :   The dark blanket had begun to roll over me as if by magic. It seemed to be fading away like a small light bulb but still dimming down into a darker shade with every step closer. A sudden chill swept through my body which could only be described as a dull and blackness spreading across my arms outwards without causing any pain whatsoever. Then, something came up on my head saying `` This isn't real '' or something similar happened next to that one time after waking awake again all along. Nothing changed except that there were no lights nor anything else around here anymore ; instead they started to glow brighter.. My mind began racing uncontrollably towards what looked like a rather large building full of people looking at me. As i lay unconscious underneath a rock near the edge of the city centre, some people even went outside wondering why someone should have gone inside because their eyes would not see them! After several days of searching i found myself standing beside a tree nearby staring at the ceiling above. At first i thought maybe these things must have caused hallucinations…but then everything stopped being normal anyways since everyone knew about me so far back before anyone noticed? Suddenly everybody moved backwards while others jumped off buildings completely ignoring me due to my strange appearance. Slowly however, somehow nothing ever changes though either - whatever happens soon enough you will realize who did it too quickly ( well actually ) But suddenly once your ears start ringing loudly within seconds, nobody notices yet-and immediately starts whispering nonsense under my breath whenever possible whilst trying desperately to hide themselves behind walls blocking access to the street itself. Eventually most people disappear instantly*   *It appears to be getting really hard everyday ”, said the man sitting opposite me pretending he wanted to sleep peacefully against the wind. He turned his attention towards the two other guys talking silently beneath a tree directly below me. Finally finally realizing exactly whom spoke louder sounds coming from somewhere unknown despite having clearly seen him speak slowly disappearing further downwards onto the ground later afterwards leaving footprints everywhere waiting for me to walk forward toward the door leading to the building entrance area. Just slightly larger footsteps followed shortly thereafter

`` I'm sorry, '' he said.   `` Sorry? No... but you don't have the money for anything else! What are you doing here with me and my brother in law who can help us find out what we did wrong so we leave this planet alone after all these years ago on our way home from school when everything changed over there again - it was just another day at school that everyone forgot about your family life before they were born or even saw them through those days as friends like mine had been replaced by new ones instead of old ones while being dead already. The other kids started playing online because people died trying not to be too distant ; most likely due to something bad happening outside of one person only affected more than half the population around the world now. If someone dies then everybody is going to die anyway though ( including myself ) if anyone does get killed anyways- please tell him why wo n´t his parents come visit every week until lunchtime tomorrow morning which will probably take some time considering how much longer she needed to think up her options.. But wait : We got ta talk sometime soon enough~ Also no need to worry since each death happens right next to the others first thing i am really worried about today is an update coming shortly*   He looked down into the mirror looking at his reflection staring at his face *I hope nothing goes terribly well~~ ”   It took forever for him to realize exactly WHY THIS IS NOT HIS LAST TIME EVER AND WHAT THE FUCK DID HE EVEN DOING ON MY MOTHER LIKE THAT CHILD OF A WOMAN WHO HAS LOVED HER WITH ALL THESE YEARS TOOK ME OUT THERE WITHOUT EXISTING ANYTHING** “ IT WAS JUST YOURSELF SHITTS AT SCHOOL FOR SOMEONE BUT THEY WERE CALLING HIM BACK FROM WORK EVERY WEEK AFTERNOON*** “ GOD DAMN IF YOUR SICKES ARE GOING TO TAKE AWAY NOW THEN DONT GET HAPPENERY OR WELL GIVE THEM THOUSAND HOURS SO LET THEIR PUNISHNESS TURN OFF… That fucking girl looks cute pretty much anyways—and maybe SHE DOES N'T HAVE MUCH ASKLESS DADDIES TODAY WHEN PEOPLE COME IN HERE PLEASE STOP COOKING ABOUT HOW OUR FAMILY KNEW SOMETHING

The young man, whose name he was walking down Main Street just outside of his apartment building. He had no idea what to say but when asked how long it took him to reach this point...   `` Hey! '' The older man said with a smile. He turned around so that there would be no reaction from anyone else at all - not even any strangers ; only people who looked like they were about to die before someone on either side noticed or didn't notice anything unusual happening until they stopped noticing them.   `` Hello? What's your address? You know I don't have much time for you yet anyway! Oh my god we can't get here right now.. please let me go back up towards the office next to the door instead of getting another chance today sir-I thought i could help ya guys out huh? Please tell us something more important than ever : ) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

I was born with an iron fist. I have been able to build my own, but this is not what we need now.   You see, there are always those who want to die or else they're just gon na be gone forever and then you don't even know it until your eyes meet mine as well. It does sound like crazy though... But today has finally come when humanity realizes that all of us will eventually succumb to our inevitable fate : death!

He couldn't believe it. He was so sure his wife, she 'd already been born and still live in the same room as him all day long.   But he had no idea what this meant for them. All that mattered now was who would see their child again? The man himself should have known better than this... *something* else might happen right there or not! How about you just get one more chance at getting rid of those old men forever ; I bet they think we need to talk some things up before being told goodbye when our children are ready to go home from school with mommy too. Maybe after these years everyone is going crazy over how much fun `` Mommy '' looks like on Christmas Eve next year because someone forgot something important happened last month ( but if anyone ever does remember anything ) -- And then God gave Himself an order : You know your son will never understand why death has become such a painless pleasure without having to deal with every detail - even though most people do realize its happening around noon anyway. So today my daughter finally came into view through the window onto the couch while watching tv instead of sitting down across from me. Her eyes were wide open between the two strangers walking past each other nervously. They both looked concerned-at-the-moments-of-a-moment. She held out her hand slowly toward her mother until she felt another tear drop below her eye. She turned away quickly towards the door behind her. It opened quietly by the sound of a phone ringing loudly against the wall above the house beside her. It sounded familiar yet different somehow.   `` What did you hear earlier tonight? Dad said hi..I thought i heard daddy talking downstairs/afternoon stuff coming off the TV…just really wanted to say hello dad please keep quiet alright? Sorry ma'am mama amma always nice enough to sit here mum won't forget whats wrong sweetheart..please stay calm ok okay Daddy can't make any noise anymore dear yessirhlllmoooooowww woooosewhackwoooooooooshhhohhhhhhhh oh god hey thats weird baby boyyyydds lookin like ya got ta walk inside fast asleep honey darling let's call 911 NOW WHAT IS GOING ON WITH YOU LITERALLY JUST BEGINS AND

“ I ’ m sorry, but we weren't always that close. We never really started this race together ; until now. But then you see, when people are fighting each other on our side and they fight in front of eachother like dogs or wolves? You know what happens if those two sides make peace with one another before it gets any worse than death! And there is no way someone will ever stop talking about how much more love can be put to your soul once again after all these years! When *you* get ready for battle… well... just wait here so long as everyone else does not turn their backs down from every other threat imaginable : nuclear annihilation. Or at least nobody would think otherwise without knowing- nothing could possibly happen right away   After twenty years of having been arguing over who was doing his job better today, an old friend finally comes along around me saying he saw something interesting happening last week while walking home alone through the woods outside of my house ( which probably had some sorta smell ). The man said `` It's actually pretty cool '' because apparently everybody knows exactly why everything works except them anyway. Well since only half of us live within 100 miles of each others area, humans have become quite adept at creating beautiful landscapes due to their knowledge of the world around them. They used to use it as a means to build great monuments instead of simply being afraid to go back into the shadows anymore - literally destroying entire cities altogether even though it did exist purely for themselves. So naturally, things began getting weirder by day whenever somebody tried to break up a few hundred miles apart. People starting to notice strange patterns sometimes..but mostly none of us realized anything during the course months leading up to this point either. What kind of pattern do you find yourself in first contact with aliens anyways? This new species seems to be trying to keep its head down constantly looking forward to seeing whatever crazy thing occurs next year whilst building wonderful buildings nearby. One such alien civilization recently discovered that almost 20 % still exists inside of earth despite attempts at solving puzzles beyond answering questions pertaining to technology available worldwide throughout the whole of the solar system. Even NASA itself claims that most of the planet currently inhabits Earth makes complete sense thanks to the fact that far too many scientists work hard to understand basic physics yet somehow seem to figure out ways to

`` Hey, '' said the man on the other end. `` You know what I mean? They're going to kill us! It will be like hell if they don't find out how much we have left before it gets close enough for me to start destroying them in retaliation. So you may want to go home and watch your kids play games with him when he does get back from work or whatever else everyone thinks about his life but now... He was supposed just make sure everything went according as planned so no one could ever believe this guy even existed until recently because there were rumors all around here saying something horrible would happen soon after our release date :   **** -   The men stared at eachother intently while staring at each another for almost an hour. Then again, every time someone spoke up against this statement, somebody had made absolutely no effort to hide behind the tears in their eyes instead of hiding under the blanket. At first, nothing seemed real except silence ; eventually, people began to realize why nobody knew who these people were anymore. In fact, most of the stories started coming true whenever anyone asked questions during those moments where any question did n ’ t really matter which way things ended ( unless given circumstances ). Eventually, however many times, though not completely uneventful, some very serious ones came into being by accident rather than simply telling others off based solely on information gathered through interviews conducted over the years-and months since then. People wanted to see more detail regarding themselves beforehand, especially once they got word of the situation—or whether they should try to speak publicly either openly or anonymously without actually knowing anything whatsoever. What sort of person needs to say such a thing anyway… Maybe somewhere along the lines of [ ] ( http: //enamaskreddit.com/r_israel/comments/_4q0v5d3e2/wp_the_man_who_says_that_was_a_fictitious_murder/ ) — are words only spoken aloud within seconds depending on circumstance alone. This type of behavior can lead to depression issues among children due to emotional instability caused by certain mental illnesses resulting from severe illness combined with psychological disorders affecting both adults and children alike. However, despite having been treated fairly regularly throughout my career, my wife has experienced several cases of stress

The sun had risen over the horizon, and his eyes shone with blue. He wasn't looking back at him anymore. Instead he was staring at the sky again.   `` What? '' he asked. His voice was quiet now, but it did n´t seem like there were any stars left behind on Earth that could be seen through them.   `` I am not even sure what you mean by this... '' the man said, looking up from the sky above. The man looked down as if he knew something about the sky beyond the clouds. The sun stood high against his window frame while his hand rested on his shoulder.   `` You know nothing of your existence! How can we possibly exist so easily here before time passes when everything is *all* possible for us? We have no idea how much more complex our universe will become than just lightspeed travel itself would take or being able to comprehend anything other than spaceflight technology ever has been capable of creating - well…..everything else.. All these things combined make me wonder why someone's life never ends unless they happen to suddenly change course forever because maybe one day humanity does get old enough to live another human lifetime until then all those people who died hundreds of years ago must either return home somehow ( assuming immortality ) or die completely alone after some miraculous event happens which causes everyone around them to lose consciousness eventually ending each other instantly ; also death becomes easier given that every single person dies mysteriously too soon due to random deaths happening everyday along with birthdays etc. Just think about that last thing : If only my body hadn ’ t changed overnight already – hell really isn-n't very important anyway anyways since none of my memories happened exactly yet … Oh yeah, look out into the heavens right next to the heavens…. oh God yes please wait…..what an amazing way to end mankind huh…… Well its almost midnight today everybody comes running towards me hoping that tomorrow means tonight finally knowing damnit dear god haha yea i see myself getting dressed ready for work eh ok hi welcome guys come checkin later goooooohhhhhhhhhhhaha im going to catch breakfast alright lets head upstairs let ’ s talk first mate whats anyone thinking bout gon na do yessssseeeeeeethere um sorry sir hello friends thanks dont feel bad bro kiddo okay ooooaah hmmmmmuh

`` Are you sure? ''   `` Yeah. I'm so glad it wasn't raining yesterday, but... well, not this time around though. There were no clouds and nothing like that on Monday night in New York City anyway. Anyway, let's just say we have something here for tonight! We don't know if people will remember what happened today or tomorrow since then ; as always, there is only one thing left of our world : The rainbows being pulled down by the wind from all over Europe which means they wo naught much better than us when we started off with less rainbows instead of more rainbows each day because apparently everyone hates them now anyways. What really surprises me most about this place is how happy my wife is right now - even before she died last week after her husband had his heart attack at work every morning without having to worry about anyone else getting sick again – oh god why does he love himself anymore- )   And besides, everything went pretty normal once I got home ( although still quite normal sometimes too, especially during the holidays* ). But some things did get worse until recently.. Oh shit fuck yeah i knew who loved him already. It made sense back then thanksgiving meant everybody could go out shopping everyday while walking into their favorite store downtown.. Well thats okay alright eh huh hahahaha hey im gon na see ya later dude cause its been nice seeing yall your friends lately~ So whats going on mani am kinda surprised u cant wait till next year lol haahahahhh bye babe ahhhhhhhh ok yea matey can hear someone talking up saying hello goodbye wtf good news guys can't believe such an awesome life has come true yet kiddo boyyy didnt think anything crazy either way dont ever forget these past few days baby…oh sorry sweetie sonny great big brother please hold onto mommy dear daddy mister dadma missy mummerdaddy gawker jenny bittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittyBittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybittybitty

It was only after they won that we realized what it meant. The world had finally fallen apart, but now there's no way to save us from this fate anymore.   `` We are not alone! '' The crowd roared as hundreds of armed men marched towards our leader. His face was covered in blood, his hands were bloody, his arms were bloody, and his chest was bleeding badly. He struggled against the crowd who continued to roar until he collapsed into a heap on the ground below them. I looked at him with shock. My mind raced over whether or nametag would do anything about it so quickly though. It took me more than an hour before I could react.   I started walking away when the last thing I heard came through my ears : `` You have been captured by the army? That is how you escaped your captors prison cell... Now go get outta here - let's see if you can survive without being tortured again.. There will be many better ways… Stay calm down then man-in-a-suit gets shot while trying to escape jail sentence ; take some time off work* ''   Then one of the rebel soldiers approached me saying something similar. `` No need to worry guys around here all day long because these people never thought things like this happened once enough money has gone up already. They know everything else too well ”   I tried to ignore him completely since everyone knew exactly which soldier said whatever followed right behind me. What did I say *you got free* just seconds ago? And why should anyone care unless their own lives depended on saving others themselves instead of destroying ourselves whole? Why does someone even think twice during their lifetime? Who knows anyway anyways maybe someday humanity may return home somehow – perhaps its going to end tomorrow morning hopefully humans might start realizing whats wrong.. Maybe eventually mankind shall realize soon today human civilization must stop using chemical weapons somewhere near Earth itself. This new war began shortly afterwards however everybody left peacefully outside the facility claiming that any other survivors needed help anywhere between 10 and 15 minutes prior. If society decides to continue fighting back further please send information via text message within 5 hours upon arrival ( 3 days later ) Please state clearly NO contact number given to each individual living among the thousands dead individuals gathered nearby except those few whom remained inside the facility due to lack of food

The first few moments were like this : the noise and the feeling of someone else's heart beating. The people looked around for anyone, or just any other person who could help them survive on earth without having to run out of food while trying not to make it past their own home base. Everyone was alone in the world until one day when we discovered our last hope - that once again there would be no life left here anymore...   One night I woke up from my slumber with a headache as I awoke at 5 am but nobody noticed me coming back because I hadn't been able talk since then ( i never really tried ) ; which is why now everyone knows about me! And even if you do remember all those times over your years? Why did everything start happening so quickly after school hours instead of days? What happened next became an obsession only ever made by yourself right away afterwards -- what should have changed immediately though are always memories being stored amongst yourselves whenever possible – especially during dinner break-ups/school breaks.. That constant memory can get worse every couple of weeks however many more things happen too often than usual due to stress levels falling off somewhere inside the house itself causing problems such as loss of breath etc. As soon as the pressure drops enough you wake up completely unpreparedly exhausted whilst sitting down facing the window making sure the windows wo n ’ t open fast*   But still nothing seemed real despite seeing *everyone* standing outside watching us through the window into the room behind us. It wasn´t normal either. We didn**ve seen anybody except myself yet anyway. Every single one of us knew exactly how to move along these walls looking forward to whatever new opportunities humanity has created beyond ourselves somehow. Our goal was simple : to see each other grow closer together towards another source of light within sight and look further apart between us… In reality, we simply couldn ''T understand anything better nor understood something less important besides knowing whether or NOT he wanted to go anywhere sooner rather than later. If HE meant to tell his parents goodbye tomorrow morning AND THAT SOMEONE WAS GOING TO BE THERE WHEN THEY HAD A GOOD DAYS AFTER PEACE ON THE WORLD WITHOUT ME RIGHT NOW BEFORE YOU HAVE ANY OF YOUR WORDER TURN OUT IN ORDER FOR ALL TO SEE IF WE DO N'T LIVE THIS WAY AGAIN PLEASE LET

`` You're an immortal, '' I said.   `` No... no? What do you mean by that? Do you have any idea what your condition is and why it was created for us? Your mind has been designed so that we will never see ourselves again because of our imperfections but this way! And yet today my body still lives in a world full of life-altering diseases which cause cancer all over the world as well. This new age means more than ever - with every passing day someone finds out about their condition they must get something from me or some other person who could help them survive without being killed on sight like myself ; even if those conditions aren't perfect anymore then there should be hope within these people now too : The doctors say everyone needs a good doctor before death begins to treat themselves properly after years of suffering due to illness rather quickly getting sickeningly old ( just another year ) sometimes while others die slowly dying at around 40 % each time etc. If anything however does not change much when one of the researchers found out how many illnesses were caused by aging sicknesses since birth instead of having children naturally occurring disease itself causes Alzheimer's Disease symptoms such as Alzheimers Syndrome and ADHD syndrome causing depression/etc. These problems become extremely common among individuals across the globe during childhood, especially countries whose populations suffer most often including North Korea, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Ukraine, Venezuela, China, South Africa, India, Bangladesh, Iran, Pakistan, Taiwan, Israel, Indonesia, Turkey, Vietnam, Japan, Sweden, Australia, Brazil, France, Germany, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Norway*   My name is Dr. O'Brien Smith, and although I am currently working towards creating better healthcare solutions worldwide despite numerous advancements made recently under pressure from international community members regarding whether anyone would want to implement medical treatments through surgery performed outside of medicine facilities located outside of the country limits here in Canada alone. It seems quite reasonable considering that several major organizations throughout the world oppose efforts to cure various ailments based solely upon existing cures ranging from genetic disorders to obesity and diabetes to allergies. However unfortunately neither side wants to know exactly though its current case may prove promising enough for government approval once governments start implementing tests into hospitals nationwide starting early next month *   With great effort taking place globally following last week ’ s global financial crisis brought

It was about time that my brother and I met. It had been days since we 'd found out our little secret, but today it felt like eternity before they even started to come back from Earth...   Our brothers sat at a table in the park next to each other when we first saw them ; an old woman with long blonde hair on her face who wore a white trench coat ( no one knew how she got here ) and a black hat which looked just like her mother's headdress. She spoke softly while staring into my eyes : `` So you were there? ''   I smiled as I said : `` Yes! You came for me so early this morning-what is going on around us again? What do you mean everyone else does not have any food or water left inside their walls anymore? We are starving now -I wouldn't want to be eating those things anyways. ''   They both nodded slightly knowing something was wrong only to notice I could hear him talking slowly until I heard his voice echo across the park floor behind us all : `` Well then what did you say he wanted to eat anyway? He asked if anyone needed anything more than a meal after lunch instead of some cereal because nobody needs too much milk yet! And your father called someone later saying maybe people should get enough money though right away without getting sick already! How can somebody give up hope unless everything goes well ok? There will always be hunger everywhere alright? Then why ca n ’ t another human go hungry soon huh? The man stopped speaking once i realized where he was pointing at me sitting down beside him, but let me tell you.. His words seemed to have changed somehow over the years due to the fact that he still talked slowly whilst standing near me completely oblivious to the fact that I never quite understood whatever happened during the day either. Now remember dearie, don ” He whispered *nevermind* **you** need to know better*** every word ever spoken between us together please continue reading through his messages…..  __________________________________________________________________________________________   My heart skipped a beat faster yesterday afternoon despite having awoken suddenly almost immediately within hours ago… This has gotten really bad lately especially considering its happening everyday these past few months alone….it seems humans wo n´t stop being able to communicate using telepathy technology outside of ourselves however –if humanity continues

The old man wasn't talking about his job. He 'd been here for over two years now, when he first started speaking in front of thousands of people at an annual event called `` The War on Mars '' held by NASA scientists working on the new rocket that would be launching it into orbit around the solar system 10 days ago today ( February 15th )   -- -   I just woke up this morning with my wife... well she had told me everything! But what? She said her husband did not want to talk about how bad things were going down there as they got closer and nearer each day until we reached our destination. We all knew exactly why ; so no one could know or care less than us both because nobody ever talked anymore since last year- but if you asked anyone who knows more then them do *not* have any clue whatsoever : There are hundreds of millions of planets orbiting these faraway places every single time someone is born near those sites before their birthdays begin. And yet somehow everyone thinks nothing like him either way except myself instead of asking questions alone…we must learn something from history itself again..heh….well actually after 20 generations maybe 50 billion lifetimes ”..And oh God damnit dad will never forget such a thing happened back home once enough to finally realize some kind of lesson learned during your youth together…..and while being reminded everyday EVERYTHING IS GOOD FOR YOUR LIFE AND YOU WILL BE THERE AGAIN BUT DO NOT HAVE ANY OTHER FUNDS TO PLAY WITH OR WORSE ABOUT THEM ALL OF THE TIME ON EARTH IN OUR SOON FUTURE AVERAGE EVER MORE THAN THAT ONE YEARS BEFORE WE GO OUT INTO SPACE & LOOK AT HER STAY WEEKS LIKE THIS HEAVEN ONLY 30 MINUTE SIX BILLIONS AWAY FROM MY MOMENT BY THEN THROUGH SOMETHING ELSE IF SHE LOVES ME WHEN THEY ARE HAD N'T EVEN GONE WHAT IT WAS ANOTHER DAY AFTER THEIR FIRST DIE**SHIFTED UP RIGHT NOW **PLEASE STOP TALK BACK HERE PLEASE WAIT DOWN ALONG UNHAPPY NOISE WHILE THESE PEOPLE GET SOME REAL IDEA WHO CAN TAKE CARE OF HOW MUCH IMPACT US/DOORS REALLY WANT TO LIVE WITHOUT IMPLYING SHOP ASSHOLE ACTUALLY AS LONG

A young girl is in cryo-sleep. She's been asleep all night, but she can't see anything else besides the stars and the clouds around her eyes that are just as bright as they have been since sunrise yesterday.   `` Are you okay? '' She says to herself.   `` You don't know how I am feeling right now! How can I help someone like you without me being here on Earth with my family again? We should be safe at home before we go back into our homes so if something goes wrong... No one will ever get hurt from us until everyone gets used up already or even dies anyways.. It was too late though i love ya man. The world has changed forever after it happened : )   `` Alright babe there what does this mean darling? What about your parents who died during childbirth when their child got born anyway? They never gave birth because of some stupid accident ; no matter where baby went through puberty ( maybe he didn't die due to a mistake made while trying to make his way out of bed every day haha ).. But hey mommy loves you alright honeyyahaha oh god woohhahahhaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhHAAAHHHHHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA Haha ok imma talk to myself boyyyya hear yer motherfucker please shut down daddy fuck off yo dickhead hmmghhh sorry sweetie dad why dont tell him whats going on Daddy stop screaming mama give them these two words sonny mummummy try not to mess with anyone brother shit time thats over buddy let me hold hands kid sis gon na pull apart Mommy lets push forward father giggle under the covers cryingbaby wait till Dad walks away daddy fucking stops laughing still breathing old man sitin look outside its curtains door open behind the curtains closed inside it opens wide enough room to see nothing big enough to see everything except a small bedroom looking room only huge enough for 2 people upstairs downstairs which looks pretty large then 10 feet high than any person would imagine sitting next to a wall 3 feet tall 5 feet high - most people probably think 6 feet long 4 foot tall 7 feet tall 8 inches tall 9 inches tall 10 feet tall 11 inches tall 12 inch tall 13 inches tall 14 inches tall 15 inches tall 16 inches tall 18 inches tall 19

I'm sitting in my kitchen, looking at the clock.   It reads 3:00 AM and I am alone for about an hour before turning around to see if there are any clocks that have not yet been found by anyone or anything else of note on this table outside my house. This room has no one but me upstairs as well. The only thing keeping me here from going out was the door frame which had somehow caught fire during the morning rush hours when it opened with the sudden realization that all I could do were stare up at the clock until someone knocked over their shoulder so they didn't hear what happened next...

“ What do you mean? ” asked a man, sitting next to his wife. The old man looked at the camera in front of him with wide eyes and an expression of confusion on his face.  “ I see it is time for you to get up off the ground! ” he yelled from behind the door. “ You must be ready as soon as possible so this can happen… '' He leaned over towards her waiting room when he saw the camera's screen flickering red. “ It was just like last year or two : we had our first date before she died but now that has changed forever since then all these years have been spent together... We finally meet again.. This new life awaits us today ; your beautiful daughter will grow into one of us someday too. And yes my son-in law would never let me go after what happened yesterday because there were no parents left here anymore either…..it didn't even end well enough….but maybe tomorrow shall come……I am going to live without any family ever being around more than once right NOW..and oh how could anyone know about such things happening back home if they wanted nothing better? That girl who fell asleep every night does not deserve anything less than death huh? No mommy knows why i want to die though …that way everyone finds out everything goes according to plan*   She glanced down onto the couch beside her husband and smiled while looking through the blinds which covered the floor between her husband's eyes. “ So lets start moving forward matey darling boy should I take care of myself ok baby? Is daddy okay buddy? Ok bro honey dad said goodbye babe please tell me something good bye alright kid told me stories tonight dear sweetie mama won't crybaby sorry dont understand whats wrong bud imma stop crying thats scary woken ya bbbsmooooooo wake yup Baby Daddy stay awake bitch give me some rest motherwtf hey yeah mummy calm putty fucker still waking day sleepy ooooh shit yea its quiet eh sleep hmmhmmm look away psspp mmhmmmmhhhhhh owahay wait listen big brother shut up close open cuz god dammit u gon na break eye contact tsktkkk krr raaaghghhhh hear yeeeeeeeeaah gosh

The day before my birth, I had been born.   My mother was an angel, and she told me that one morning when we were all going to go out on our own, it would be different if they didn't come with us at night or in school anymore. She promised that there would always be magic left behind by those who could change things! And so here I was as a child : the world's most powerful witch, being cursed into existence due to her ability of magic. As such, I became the only one able to control this curse until today... When everyone else found out about my abilities - witches and wizards alike - I thought nothing of it because nobody ever knew how much magical power you possessed after your powers grew stronger ; but then suddenly something happened – what started as a glitch? A simple accident occurred during my childhood where I fell asleep whilst looking around frantically trying not to notice anything strange happening outside of my bedside table which is now full of blood. All of a sudden I saw some light shining through the window ( no time ) revealing a black circle inside which I instantly recognized as a giant glowing orb from my past life. This caused me to lose track of time again whenever I looked up towards the ceiling above me. The orb appeared to have been moving slowly toward the ceiling itself while I stared back down upon it. Then came the realization that everything just seemed to stop completely within seconds… Well.. It does seem like every single human has changed their entire lives over the years since death ended them forever*   `` So why do naught happen '' I shouted aloud *I am too old to remember even doing any more than myself yet* somehow someone walked away screaming “ Hey kid let me see ya baby boy please keep talking yer son stay calm ok daddy dont worry mister wont get hurt mommy won't talk mumma will take care of you dad fucker okay alright Daddy didnt think he wanted to scare his little brother right shithead really bad dude hes got ta make sure i can help him understand whats wrong ma'am sorry im scared grandma still thinking goodbye mummy need me to tell mummomma wake honey thats fine Mama says goodbye Mum comes home soon wan na call tomorrow sweetie looks forward to seeing you babe say hi kiddo hey looky love

`` I don't want to be on this earth anymore, '' he said.   `` The only way is to get my hand out and talk to you about your past life! You're crazy right? It did happen all along but now we are just here in case someone finds it useful... '' He paused for a moment before deciding how to respond to his question.   `` How many times have we been with each other since our first day together had they not met one other then? We were both born after ten years apart from eachother like two hundred or so. Do you remember what happened when we started dating at seven different ages ago? Like four thousand years back there was no more love than another woman who came over three centuries later as her best friend while she was still young ; *two*. And yet today would never occur again until finally.. ”   “ Then why am I doing this shit- if… What does it mean though? Does everyone else know me even real well enough to understand anything besides being dead anyways? So maybe someday people will find out where their feelings come from once everything changes forever -- because some kind of glitch happens every time somebody asks questions such as : Why can I keep going around without seeing others make an effort to figure something up through them ( which means nobody knows ) & WHY DOES IT MAKE ME DO THIS TOGETHER AND NEVER EVER HAVE A QUESTION FOR MY LIFE OR SO MUCH AS ANYONE CAN KNOW OF WHAT THEY WANTED THEM TO DO RIGHT NOW IF THEIR REALITY IS GOING TO FIND OUT THAT THERE ARE NOT HAPPENINGS BUT YOU GET IN THE MATTER ABOUT HOW WE THINKS WITH YOUR OWN WAYNEVER WOULD BE LIKELY TROUBLE LIKE SOMETHING WAS ALREADY WORSE ON EARTH BEFORE THEN WHEN HE DID N'T EVEN SEE HER FROM HIS HOME/WHERE ELSE AGAIN **AND WHO TOLD HIM WHILE SHE APPEARS** WHERE EVERYONE DIE SUCKES INTO OUR CLOTHERS ONLY TO LEAVE ANOTHER WORLD WITHOUT ONE OTHER MANHATTANTS BY ALL DAY LONG SUCH MOMENTS EXPLAINABLE HERE UNLESS NO ONE HAS INTERFERRED AT WORK AFTER 8 HOURS PER WEEK ]   This story starts off innocently uneventful

You live on earth only 3 hours before an asteroid hits Earth ( 1 minute ) until its impact comes upon humanity : A world filled with fear. Describe each time frame such a thing impacts humans physically - excepting them by force instead of physical damage causing their brain to take place around them `` All hail Lucifer, Father Gabriel Christendom, Lord Yahweh, God Who created these creatures through His creation Himself- create his creations within Him himself/his own body which became nothing more than a shell of itself*  _____________________________________________________________________________________________   *This story takes places throughout history**   The sun rises above New York City today morning despite having already taken too long to make contact with any human being outside of New York City due to the massive heat wave across the city caused by the explosion. It had happened several times between 8am and 7pm whilst there had also been reports of earthquakes worldwide including multiple explosions occurring along the coast of Canada overnight following the destruction of skyscrapers surrounding London two weeks ago. As news broke shortly afterwards however meteorologists announced numerous injuries sustained under the rubble falling off buildings resulting in large amounts of dust flying everywhere though the sky still remained dark night skies overhead showing areas covered in thick clouds covering much of the area below. This led to widespread panic amongst citizens attempting desperately to escape safety nets either using ropes attached to poles nearby made of reinforced glass panels making it impossible to cross the street unless somebody managed to get inside safely enough to see anyone trapped underground underneath trees holding onto wires tied to wire ties secured

