He just cant get any better said one critic adding that the last thing he wants is to be known as a movie star. I cant believe it added another.  The actor had already been embroiled in controversy after being accused of sexually assaulting a woman who was pregnant with him when he was  years old.  In a statement to The Hollywood Reporter DiCaprio said I would never have thought I would ever be in a position where I could come out and say what I did to the woman in question  but I am glad I did.  On Tuesday DiCaprio released a statement in which he denied any wrongdoing and said he was happy to make up the difference between the two women.  This is not about me he told the newspaper. I have never done anything wrong. My entire life has been spent in this industry.  Dellis who won a Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Motion Picture for his role in Mad Men is also known for his role in The Office and The Cosby Show and also for the role of The Good Wife actor Jim Conroy.  He has also appeared in the movies The Big Sick and The Dark Knight Rises and starred in the TV series Avengers Infinity War.  DiCaprios next film will be The Last Man Standing in .

in first person narrative  in first person story In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In first person narrative In

Sean Bean is the first actor to play an adult character since George R.R. Martin to play a teenager in The Lord of the Rings trilogy. His character Gandalf was inspired by the story of the Hobbit trilogy and the characters name is derived from the Welsh word for the Lord of the Rings. This is the first time that an adult character has been played by a teenager in the franchise. His character was originally a teenage boy but in the last two years he has become one of the most popular characters in the franchise. This means that he has a lot to do in the upcoming films of the trilogy.  The main role of the adult Gandalf is played by Sean Bean who played an oldschool version of him in The Hobbit The Dark Tower. The role was mainly played by Ian McKellen who played the role of the teenager in the last two years. The role also gave him a chance to develop in the characters new life. In fact he became the second actor in the franchise after George R.R. Martin to play the character. He is also the only actor to be able to play a young Gandalf because he is a different age from the character that was initially played by George R.R. Martin.  George R.R. Martin plays the role of an adult Gandalf in The Hobbit The Dark Tower. In the film he is the youngest of the young Gandalfs. He is also the first actor to have been cast in a role in this series and it is not clear whether he will be able to play the character for many more years. It is possible that he will remain in the role until at least the end of the next movie.  Sean Bean is the second actor to play an adult Gandalf in The Lord of the Rings trilogy. He was first cast in the role of the young Gandalf in The Hobbit The Dark Tower. In the film he is the youngest of the young Gandalfs. He is also the first actor to have been cast in a role in this series and it is not clear whether he will be able to play the character for many more years. It is possible that he will

I dont know why this is getting downvoted. I mean its a good theory that it may be true but its still a pretty silly thing to believe. The logic of the magic circle seems more believable than anything else.   Edit And yes the magic circle was created by a kid not a professor. Maybe he is just a genius Im sure there are a lot of people who think this is just a joke but its still a funny thought. Its not funny because its fake and its funny because its so obviously satire. But its definitely not real. Its not even that hard to believe. Its just a fact. Its not a fact at all. Its just the fact that the students were doing it without a teacher or teachers knowledge. Not even the fact that it was a joke is a fact and its clearly satire. Youre right about that. If you had any doubt as to how it was real it wouldnt be funny either.  But if youre being serious then youd be right. So youre saying its not funny because its fake then You know nothing about science and youre acting like a kid and saying that its just a fact.  So what do you think is wrong with you  I said it was funny. So youre saying its not funny because its fake then  No Im not saying its not funny because its fake.  Im saying its not funny because its a fact. Ok well you are being sarcastic which makes it seem like you have a lot of confidence in yourself.  I dont see the problem. Youre going to say it isnt funny because its fake. That doesnt make sense since its a fact.

I was gonna say Youve got a good day but your day is over. I thought you were supposed to use the term Im the heat of it all in the title... Its the word I use when describing myself. My best friend died last year and I used it. I know what you mean. I used it as a joke but I dont think anyone would ever think to use it like that. I cant even begin to imagine how much pain it caused my family. I hope you and your family are well. It sounds like such a terrible situation. What do you say to that Thanks. I really hope so. I just want people to understand that I am not some special snowflake who wants to be seen as something special. But I do feel like theres a lot more to life than that. My parents were kind of my friends growing up and Ive always wanted to go back. I think theyre trying to figure out if Im worth it or not. Thats alright. Theyll learn from you. Good luck with everything  Thank you Im glad you have the support.  No problem I love you too I wish I could help you on some way. You guys have a lot going on right now.  I hope you have a great day
Thank you so much for your kind words. I hope you have a great day too I hope you have a great day too

. I dont know why its funny...  . I know youre being sarcastic but this is what weve been talking about for years.  . Its not funny.  . The guy was a jerk.  . You didnt mention he was a jerk.  . You said Shut the dog up.  . He wasnt a jerk.  . Im sorry I just thought you were joking and you need to go back to your basement and get your shit together. Im not sure if I can get through to him right now hell probably have a good laugh at my stupidity and I wont have to do anything to make it better. Thanks You got it.  You just gotta keep pushing.  Keep doing what youre doing.  You gotta work on your self control.  Its hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe. Thank you No problem.  Youre very welcome.  Thats all you have to say.  And dont forget to ask him if you can help him find his way to a place where he can feel safe.  Its not easy. 
Thank you so much for your kind words. I really appreciate it. Im going to try to do my best to help him find his way to a place where he can feel safe. Its hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess it is hard to believe that you had to be so serious about this in order to save someone. Yeah I guess

. When he does go to the bathroom he will have a large bowl full of water. . He will take an extra long shower because his bathroom is going to be full of fresh water for all the kids who are going to use it. . He will wipe his face with his hand and then he will go back to bed. . He will have a new pillow with him when he wakes up. . He will sleep in his crib while he goes to the bathroom. . He will sleep on his own until  in the morning and then at night he will sleep on his own until  am. . He will spend most of his time in bed. . He will eat anything that comes out of his mouth but if he is hungry he will eat whatever he wants. . He will watch TV while he sleeps. . He will sit down at his desk so he can see whats happening with the computer screen. . He will do everything that has been done before but he wont understand how things work. . He will tell you what he really thinks about you or what you need to do to get better. . He will say that he is happy that youre getting some attention but that you need to give him more attention. . He will tell you that he hates being alone and that you should always give him love. . He will tell you that you dont need to give him love because hell just enjoy it. . He will tell you that he likes you for what you are. . He will tell you that he loves you and that you need to be there for him. . He will tell you that you have been doing so much for him and that you are going to be very special to him. . He will tell you that he is going to love you because he loves you for what you are. . He will tell you that he is going to love you and that you are going to be special to him. . He will tell you that he loves you and that you are going to be special to

shares  Share  Tweet  Pin  Email  A post shared by AussieHood aussiehood on Apr   at am PDT  Reddit has taken over the world. As of April th its owned by Twitter. The platform is known for its free content and is now a major player in social media. In fact the company is known to have a lot of free content available.  The Reddit homepage was created by Reddit users and has many different features. For example its a community of people who share their experiences with other users. Also its a place where you can easily connect with friends through Facebook Instagram and other social networks. It also offers a number of cool things like gifs and videos that are popular on Reddit.  If you were thinking about getting a Reddit account you should know that Reddit is a very popular site. According to a survey conducted by Reddit users about  of Reddit users are new to Reddit. The reason for this is because they dont have an account for Reddit. Many people still use Reddit to interact with their friends and family on Reddit.  Its very possible that Reddit will become a major player in the social media space in the future. This is just one more reason why Reddit will continue to be an important part of the social media landscape. 

Reddit is a very popular site. According to a survey conducted by Reddit users about  of Reddit users are new to Reddit. The reason for this is because they dont have an account for Reddit. Many people still use Reddit to interact with their friends and family on Reddit. Reddit is a very popular site. According to a survey conducted by Reddit users about  of Reddit users are new to Reddit. The reason for this is because they dont have an account for Reddit. Many people still use Reddit to interact with their friends and family on Reddit. Reddit is a very popular site. According to a survey conducted by Reddit users about  of Reddit users are new to Reddit. The reason for this is because they dont have an account for Reddit. Many people still use Reddit to interact with their friends and family on Reddit. Reddit is a very popular site. According to a survey conducted by Reddit users about  of Reddit users are new to Reddit. The reason for this is because they dont have an account for Reddit. Many people still use Reddit to interact with their friends and family on Reddit. Reddit is a very popular site. According to a survey conducted by Reddit users about  of Reddit users are new to Reddit. The reason for this is because they dont have an account for Reddit. Many people still use Reddit to interact with their friends and family on Reddit. Reddit is a very popular site. According to a survey conducted by Reddit users about  of Reddit users are new to Reddit. The reason for this is because they dont have an account for Reddit. Many people still use Reddit to interact with their friends and family on Reddit. Reddit is a very popular site. According to a survey conducted by Reddit users about  of Reddit users are new to Reddit. The reason for this is because they dont have an account for Reddit. Many people still use Reddit to interact with their friends and family on Reddit. Reddit is a very popular site. According to a survey conducted by Reddit users about  of Reddit users are new to Reddit. The reason for this is because they dont have an account for Reddit. Many people still use Reddit to interact with their friends and family on Reddit. Reddit is a very popular site. According to a survey conducted by Reddit users about  of Reddit users are new to

Im not sure what your point is.  Are you saying its normal for someone to assume that the other person isnt a complete retard or that theyre just being ignorant  If you want to talk about my precognition then tell me how I should interpret this post.  I think youre misunderstanding what I said. I mean you are a terrible person if you believe that people who do things like that are incapable of thinking clearly and thus shouldnt be able to read. I dont believe that.  I dont know what I was trying to say.  Its kind of a hard thing to understand.  I cant imagine that Id ever consider that to be the case.  But I guess Im just going to assume that Im not the best at reading comprehension. Well then you need to take some time out of your day to reflect on what you said and think about it.  What did you say to yourself in response to this question  You were asking what you were talking about not what you meant by you could never have a good conversation with someone who does something like this.  I agree that this is a hard thing to understand but I dont think you should get so upset about it because it doesnt make sense.  If you really dont care you shouldnt feel any different. 
Im not sure what your point is. Are you saying its normal for someone to assume that the other person isnt a complete retard or that theyre just being ignorant If you want to talk about my precognition then tell me how I should interpret this post. I think youre misunderstanding what I said. I mean you are a terrible person if you believe that people who do things like that are incapable of thinking clearly and thus shouldnt be able to read. I dont believe that. I dont know what I was trying to say. Its kind of a hard thing to understand. I cant imagine that Id ever consider that to be the case. But I guess Im just going to assume that Im not the best at reading comprehension. Well then you need to take some time out of your day to reflect on what you said and think about it. What did you say to yourself in response to this question You were asking what you were talking about not what you meant by you could never have a good conversation with someone who does something like this. I agree that this is a hard thing to understand but I dont think you should get so upset about it because it doesnt make sense. If you really dont care you shouldnt feel any different.
Im not sure what your point is. Are you saying its normal for someone to assume that the other person isnt a complete retard or that theyre just being ignorant If you want to talk about my precognition then tell me how I should interpret this post. I think youre misunderstanding what I said. I mean you are a terrible person if you believe that people who do things like that are incapable of thinking clearly and thus shouldnt be able to read. I dont believe that. I dont know what I was trying to say. Its kind of a hard thing to understand. I cant imagine that Id ever consider that to be the case. But I guess Im just going to assume that Im not the best at reading comprehension. Well then you need to take some time out of your day to reflect on what you said and think about it. What did you say to yourself in response to this question You were asking what you were talking about not what you meant by you could never have a good conversation with someone who does something like this.

After we permit mankind to live amongst us in the stars tell us the faults of your kind.  The first thing that needs to be said is that humanity has made some mistakes. We have made mistakes which have caused our death and suffering. The second thing that needs to be said is that mankind has made some mistakes which have caused our loss and suffering. The third thing that needs to be said is that mankind has made some mistakes which have caused our loss and suffering. The fourth thing that needs to be said is that mankind has made some mistakes which have caused our death and suffering. The fifth thing that needs to be said is that mankind has made some mistakes which have caused our loss and suffering.  It seems as if humanity is losing its way. It seems as if humanity is losing its way. It seems as if humanity is losing its way.  In fact it appears as though humanity is losing its way. It seems as if humanity is losing its way.  Let me give you an example. In the beginning humanity was in a state of despair. It was trying to survive. It was trying to get out of the condition. It was trying to get back on its feet. It was trying to find its way. It was trying to come to terms with the fact that it had to live in such a terrible condition. It was trying to make up for the fact that it had to live in such a terrible condition. And so it lost its way.  When humanity died it fell apart. When it was broken down into pieces it fell apart. It was broken down into pieces. But then when humanity died it fell apart again.  Thats what happened. Thats what happened.  And it doesnt seem like there is any hope that humanity will ever come to terms with its demise. I dont know if there is hope that humanity will ever come to terms with its demise.  But it seems as if humanity is losing its way.  If humanity dies it will be for good. If it dies it will be for bad. And if humanity dies it will

. See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. It is a mirror of your soulmate a mirror of your reality. The mirror is a place where you can see your future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. You only see your future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See also The mirror mirrors the future soulmate. . See

the internet. No this is not a joke. I have no idea what you are talking about. i was making a joke. it is very common to talk about computers in the s.   but i guess that depends on what you mean by science. if you mean technology then yes. Im saying that the internet is a very small part of what makes up the whole world. yeah but its still very common to talk about computers.  if you say technology it means that you use them for a purpose.  its not like you use computers as a way to communicate.  you just get all the other stuff out of your system and then have them all in one place.     i think this is what youre referring to.  you cant use computers as a way to communicate because they are not even connected to anything else.  i dont know why youre getting downvoted. Youre right.  But I didnt say that computers were a way to communicate.  My point was that its a very small part of what makes up the entire world.  The internet is so small.  Im pretty sure thats the problem. Im not saying that computers are a way to communicate.  Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world.  Its not the only way to communicate. 
 the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im not saying that computers are a way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes up the whole world. Its not the only way to communicate. Im just saying that the internet is a small part of what makes

But its still not dead Well it has been. I guess we just didnt see it coming. There are more than one person out there that still hasnt seen it.  Im sure you have a lot of people who havent seen it yet.  Theres a chance youve seen it but if you dont youre not gonna see it.  Im not saying you wont see it.  It might be there but it might not be.  Its probably just something you can see for yourself. I think it was just a joke. I hope I will see it. I just got into the game and it looks like theres some new characters in the game and some new classes in the game. Maybe Ill get some pics of them later tonight. I dont want to spoil it for others though. Dont worry about spoiling anything.  You could just tell everyone about it and not bother posting anything about it.  If you have enough people to share it with then Id be happy to let you know how youve got it. That would be great Thanks a bunch No problem man glad I could help.  Enjoy your time. Thanks so much Yeah im hoping to make a post about it soon. 
Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure youll see it soon. Im sure

.  This is where I began. I was a scientist for about  years but I got caught up in a study of a man who had developed a computer program that could be used to make all sorts of interesting things. When he learned how to make computers he thought it would be cool to invent something entirely new. But when he started using his computer program to do what he wanted to do he realized there was no way this could be done without money. So he decided to make a computer program that could take everything and put it together.  Ive been working on this for the last  years or so. This is the first time Ive ever written anything that Im not sure how to start with. Im trying to figure out how to get some basic ideas going without too much effort.  As you can see Im working on the basic idea that we need to create new devices. Im trying to figure out what kind of hardware that should be made. Im also trying to figure out how to make these devices that are more efficient than they are. And then Im thinking about the most common types of devices that we have.  For example I want to make an inhouse device. I want to make a device that can be sold to a different company. I want to make an inhome device that can be used by anyone. And I want to make a device that can be used by anyone.  There are some things that we do that we dont know how to do. Some of them are really complicated. Some of them are just simple instructions. These are very simple instructions but they are difficult to understand.  So what Im trying to do is to help people understand how to use the same kind of devices that are already available in every country and that they can use them and use them and use them and use them and use them.  This will take a little time because I dont want to give people a bad idea about how to use these devices but if they learn how

the use part is usually used by the user to mean the process of cooking when done. The second part is used to mean to do. Its not like theyre just trying to be creative. If you dont know what youre doing then you probably wont understand it. Its not a skill that you learn. I guess its all about how you communicate with other people and what you think you are doing.  Im not sure if you know this but you might want to look up the definition of cooking before you post your comment. The term cook means to work together. Thats a lot of work. I find it hard to believe someone would say that about my cooking skills.  If you really want to make me happy I have a question. When I was a kid I tried to learn the French language by listening to the English version of Cest la vie de lOuest. I got a little bit of trouble learning the French and English version of the song because I had no idea who wrote the lyrics for the song. What does it mean I mean it says Youll never forget the French right But there was a guy who was teaching English and he said that I should learn the French version of Cest la vie de lOuest and I did and Ive learned the words and melodies from the song. Does that make me a French person No. Im a Canadian and I learned French during the summer months so Id need to get over my love of the French language to be able to speak it. Im not saying I didnt learn French but I am just wondering if anyone knows the meaning of Cooking in French or English.  As far as I know you can still buy French versions of the songs but only for a certain amount of time. You also have to buy the songs themselves which is expensive. So if you want to listen to the French versions of the songs you need to buy the French versions of the songs for  years for example.

Im sure there will be a body but it will be a corpse. Thats what Im saying     Ill take it if its not a corpse Thats my point. The site has already been searched for a while. If there are no bodies then there is no body. Thats why I was trying to make a joke about the fact that people have a vague memory of a corpse. Its possible to find a corpse in this game. You just need to search a little harder than the first time. You can also search for a corpse with an arrow. I did search for the corpse in the first place so I dont think its possible for me to find a corpse. But I can try. Thank you You could always search in the right place in a different area and then go to the area with the corpse and click on it you should see the arrow icon. But when I do that it doesnt show up in the search results. So Im assuming its because I have a bad connection It might be the same with the arrow. It may be that you have an old game like that or something. Try a different location and see if it helps. 

 Im sure there will be a body but it will be a corpse. Thats what Im saying    Ill take it if its not a corpse Thats my point. The site has already been searched for a while. If there are no bodies then there is no body. Thats why I was trying to make a joke about the fact that people have a vague memory of a corpse. Its possible to find a corpse in this game. You just need to search a little harder than the first time. You can also search for a corpse with an arrow. I did search for the corpse in the first place so I dont think its possible for me to find a corpse. But I can try. Thank you You could always search in the right place in a different area and then go to the area with the corpse and click on it you should see the arrow icon. But when I do that it doesnt show up in the search results. So Im assuming its because I have a bad connection It might be that you have an old game like that or something. Try a different location and see if it helps.

 Im sure there will be a body but it will be a corpse. Thats what Im saying    Ill take it if its not a corpse Thats my point. The site has already been searched for a while. If there are no bodies then there is no body. Thats why I was trying to make a joke about the fact that people have a vague memory of a corpse. Its possible to find a corpse in this game. You just need to search a little harder than the first time. You can also search for a corpse with an arrow. I did search for the corpse in the first place so I dont think its possible for me to find a corpse. But I can try. Thank you You could always search in the right place in a different area and then go to the area with the corpse and click on it you should see the arrow icon. But when I do that it doesnt show up in the search results. So Im assuming its because I

he was the first to attack me  Im not sure if thats possible but this is why we have to be careful.  If you go through this with your friend he will try to attack you. I am not sure what you mean by attack...  How do you think it works If youre attacking him with your friend he can just walk right up to you and attack you. If youre attacking him with another friend he can just walk right down to you and attack you.  And if youre attacking him with his friend he can just walk right up to you and attack you.  But if youre attacking him with someone else he can just walk right down to you and attack you. How do you know when to attack  When they are attacking you you cant just stand there and wait for them to attack you You cant just stand there and wait until they attack you. You need to know when to hit them. When they are attacking you they need to know when to stop hitting you. So they can just wait until they are hitting you. So if youre attacking him with someone else they will always attack you  They will never attack you  It must be so hard to see them.    When I was a kid I thought it would be easy to kill someone but now Im not sure if Ive ever seen anyone attack someone. Yes. Its very hard to see them but you can look at their face and then tell them to stop.

and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of making it happen.  and the process of

In a fictional universe the villain won. Its one year later.  The movies plot is a bit more complex than the TV series but its still fun to watch. Its also one of my favourites.  The main character in the film is a young girl named Lola Aaliyah. She has a boyfriend named Nick Dennis Quaid who she meets at school. When they go on a date they start dating. They have a secret love affair and are romantically linked and after that they become lovers. The film follows a story about the relationship between Nick and Lola.  The films plot is a bit more complicated than the TV series but its still fun to watch. Its also one of my favourites.  The main character in the film is a young girl named Lola Aaliyah. She has a boyfriend named Nick Dennis Quaid who she meets at school. When they go on a date they start dating. They have a secret love affair and are romantically linked and after that they become lovers. The film follows a story about the relationship between Nick and Lola.  The main character in the film is a young girl named Lola Aaliyah. She has a boyfriend named Nick Dennis Quaid who she meets at school. When they go on a date they start dating. They have a secret love affair and are romantically linked and after that they become lovers. The film follows a story about the relationship between Nick and Lola.  The main character in the film is a young girl named Lola Aaliyah. She has a boyfriend named Nick Dennis Quaid who she meets at school. When they go on a date they start dating. They have a secret love affair and are romantically linked and after that they become lovers. The film follows a story about the relationship between Nick and Lola.  The main character in the film is a young girl named Lola Aaliyah. She has a boyfriend named Nick Dennis Quaid who she meets at school. When they go on a date they start dating. They have

only minor changes to make the scene more interesting.    Im a bit lazy and didnt bother with the whole play as if youre doing it thing but it just looks so much better in my opinion. I agree. And im not saying thats the way it should be done or anything. I just want to know what it is like being an actor I think you need to understand what this is all about. Ive seen some people who have a lot of experience with acting and Im sure its something they could do well.  But its like trying to learn how to drive a car or even how to drive a motorcycle. How is that even remotely related to acting You can watch someone else do it without knowing their background and yet not have any problem having a conversation about it. The fact that you are making no effort to learn about what it is all about is really sad. You dont need to know what theyre doing. You just need to know what their strengths weaknesses are. But that doesnt mean its the same. Im just asking if its a good idea to try and learn from other actors. If they dont know how to drive then maybe theyre not worth the time. What you said is very true. Its like asking why you cant see the difference between a womans vagina and the vagina of a man.  Also youre assuming that these actors are worth the time. They arent. No Im not assuming that theyre worth the time. Its like asking why a person has a problem with getting into a car when they dont have a problem with it. So youre assuming that this is the same as learning the difference between a womans vagina and the vagina of a man  That seems to me to be a pretty bad assumption. Well no Im not assuming that everyone is worth the time. Im just saying that we shouldnt assume everyones worth it. Ive never been told that I cant enjoy being an actor for the sake of being an actor. Thats fair enough.  But Ive heard lots of

Write sentences  Write a sentence then write the sentence.  Write the sentence again then write the sentence.  Write the sentence with your right hand right hand in front of the left hand left hand.  Write the sentence again with your right hand in front of the right hand left hand.  Write the sentence with your right hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your right hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your right hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your right hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your right hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand. Write the sentence with your left hand right hand.

or he is dead and heshe was not able to live his life.  Its a lot better if it wasnt possible for him to do so but Im sure some people just dont want to have to deal with it. I am sorry to hear that you are having this happen to you. I hope things get better for you. Please be careful around other people who you know have done something like this. People can change their minds easily. Its hard for me to accept the fact that my kids will probably never have the same experiences as me. But Ive learned how to handle them without much trouble. Thank you for being supportive Thats good to hear. I hope everything gets better for you. Stay safe and be strong. Thank you for being there for me and my family. My daughter has been diagnosed with breast cancer and she has also had her first breast cancer surgery. Her prognosis is very bleak but I am hopeful. The news is really scary and it is really hard to see someone else go through this alone. I know that it can be difficult but I am so glad that we are all together now. I appreciate that youre taking care of yourself. I have been thinking about my dad. His parents are in a different state than mine and I feel like they need to understand what they are going through. They need help too. If you want to talk to someone I would love to help you. I have been looking at meds recently but I only have one prescription left which I just received. I want to talk to my doctor but she wont let me because she is a busy mom. It sucks though.  Oh man Im sorry to hear that. Do you have any friends Yes my dad lives in a small town and I have one friend. I also have a brother living in my area. He works as a truck driver and is doing well. If you want to talk to anyone Id love to speak with you. I have a friend who is doing

of the universe.  Tuesday January    What are the odds that I will be able to get a job  When I was young I would go out on my own and spend hours on end with no one around. After high school it was easy to get into college and make money. Today when I work from home I have the opportunity to go back to school and get a job. It is not easy to get a job.  The odds that I will be able to get a job are low. If I had to guess it might be as simple as a job interview a job offer or an interview with someone. The chances are slim that this will happen. The only way to know is to do your research look at other jobs online and read articles.  I have done some research. There are some websites that list jobs in the area but these places tend to be just about anywhere else. I have also looked at some jobs on Craigslist. What are the chances that I will be able to find a job  If there are jobs available to me I will ask them if they want to take me.  My answer is usually yes.  There are some companies that will hire me. They may not want to wait for me to get a job but they may think I am too old or too stupid to do anything.  Some people can work at a company that has the best hiring practices. This means that they can hire me but not necessarily what I want to do. If I am interested in a job I need to show that I have the skills and knowledge necessary to do so.  Most of the times I need to explain to someone that I am qualified for a position. I may not be able to explain to anyone how much I love my job. I am not sure why they have to put up with this.  This is why I always try to help people who are looking for a job. I know that they will find a job

If we do not kill the beast then it will be destroyed but if we do not kill the beast it will be destroyed. This is why there are no laws against killing animals. But this is also true in other places where it is illegal to kill or eat any kind of animal that has been injured or killed by humans. In one country it is legal to kill or eat a lion for example and it is illegal to kill a tiger for example but not to kill a snake. In another country it is illegal to kill or eat a human for example and it is illegal to kill or eat a bird or a turtle. According to experts animal abuse including cruelty is an issue that can only be addressed by addressing the problem not by forcing people to adopt a different approach. For example experts have suggested that some people who are toxic should be more cautious about how they treat their pets especially children. They say that these people may be more likely to abuse animals because they often have no understanding of the severity of their behavior. One expert told BBC News Its hard to tell what the problem is because so many people dont understand what the problem is. Its very difficult to explain. But I think were really making a big mistake and I think we need to change our attitude about animal abuse. Image BBC The article also noted that despite the scientific evidence that animal abuse is a serious problem some people believe that adopting a different approach is a way to prevent the abuse from happening again. Some say that adopting a different approach will help them avoid further abuse. However others believe that adopting a different approach could lead to a worse situation. Dr John Wigglesworth director of the Centre for Animal Welfare at University College London said Animals are the worlds most valuable species but sometimes we take them for granted. The problem is

So if youre a man what do you think of the chances of you being a woman  Im a woman and Ive been a woman for the last twenty years. Im not really sure how many men there are out there who would be able to do something like this.  Well then we cant go into that much detail because we dont know all of the odds but we do know that one of the things that people say is Well its the only way to get a human and its true that humans can do some things like that. But its not necessarily the only way to get a human.  And if youre a man what do you think of the chances of you being a woman  Well I think its just as good as the chance of me being a woman said the man. Its just a little bit more complicated than that. Its a lot more difficult to tell someone that they might not have a chance at a human being. And so thats probably why I want to get a human in the future.  Well I guess it depends on the person said the man. Maybe its because of the fact that I think that I should be able to get a human in the future and maybe its because of the fact that Im an idiot.  Well then you could be right about that said the man. But I think that its a little bit different from saying that youre an idiot because I think that if youre not an idiot you might as well not be an idiot.  Well then were going to have to start at the beginning said the man. Youre talking about a chance to get a human but you cant get a human unless youre a man. So you cant get a human until youve got a human.  And if youre a man then youre also going

We are not talking about the truth we are talking about the truth. The truth is that this guy is a liar and his story is fake.  The only real way to know what this guy has done is by looking at the videos he has posted on the internet.  If you have watched his videos you can see that he has been lying about his background and the circumstances surrounding it.  What he is doing now is lying to people who are not even aware of him. They will believe him and they will feel bad for him.  If he had said that there were some people in the world who were not aware of his background then it would be true.  But when you look at the video you can see that it was all just a joke.  In fact you cannot even imagine how many times this guy has said that.  That is why he was so desperate to make it seem like he was a good man.  He could not get the facts right and it would have been really easy to lie about this guy.  I dont know if he even knows that the reason why this guy lied about himself is because he didnt want to live a lie.  It is very sad to think about the people who would have loved to have been friends with this guy and not have known anything about him.  People like him are the ones who are so afraid of the truth that they put themselves at risk.  They are scared to tell their stories to others because they are afraid of the consequences.  This is why he is so desperately trying to convince us to believe him.  If we do not believe him we will always think that he is an absolute liar and that we are not really sure what happened to him.  For all of these reasons the truth must remain untruthful.  He will continue to lie about himself until we find out what happened.

I know that. But Ive always been scared of heights.  The only reason Im not scared of heights is because I am afraid of being afraid of being afraid of heights.  Thats why Ive been making my own bedding.  You are so smart.  And its really easy to make your own bedding.  If you look around youll see how easy it is to make your own bedding.  Its one of those things where you dont have to worry about getting yourself out of trouble.  You can find this out from the internet or your local newspaper.  So if you want to try this out for yourself then take a look around.  Heres an article about making your own bedding which you can find on the internet.  Also check out this video about making your own bedding.  This video was created by me.  Im so proud of myself  Have a good weekend everyone  Thanks to all of you  All my friends  My name is Sarah. Im a yearold student and Im a college student. Im an aspiring writer and teacher. I love everything about being a teenager. I also enjoy writing and reading. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC.   Thanks for visiting my blog.  I hope you have a great weekend

Thanks for visiting my blog. Im a yearold student and Im a college student. Im an aspiring writer and teacher. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram SarahC. Im a social media fan and love sharing everything with you. Follow me on Facebook or Instagram

and he will come to know that you do not have to be an engineer to get into this field. and you can have the best job in the world and still stay healthy.  I am going to use a very simple formula for all of the above. When I started my career I was doing work in the electrical engineering industry. There are many aspects to the work I did that I had no clue about at the time. I spent my life studying electrical engineering but never knew anything about computers or programming. My parents took me to see the first computer screen on my fathers computer. The first time I ever saw it I thought I was about  years old. That was one of the most important moments in my life. I remember watching the first computer screen. It was a great thing to watch because I got to know so much more about computers than I was used to.  My family and I were both engineers. My dad worked at the worlds largest power plant and his mom worked at a small manufacturing facility. My mother worked as a maintenance technician at a hospital in the early s. My grandfather worked as a mechanic in the factory where the factory was located. My uncle worked as a technician in the factory where the factory was located. My father worked as a technician at a gas station in the early s. He also worked in the oil and gas industry. His work with the factory was unusual and he had to do all the work himself.  He also had to teach me how to program. That is when I discovered computers. At the time I was learning how to write code and code in a simple way. After that I was learning to write programs using Java and JavaScript. That was really the beginning of the computer science world. I started to learn programming in school and I knew what I wanted to do with computers.  In college I worked as a computer programmer in the university computer department. I graduated in May . I had been hired as a programmer at a company called Computer Science in San Francisco. We went to a conference called 

I dont want to believe anything is wrong but Im not sure.  Ill be right back.    How can I help you Can I help you Please come with me. Youre just too young to remember things. Dont worry about it. Just go ahead.    I know that sounds like a strange answer but what would I say to someone who was hearing the same thing Is it possible that they might have something to say to you Yes I think so. Do you think they may have some kind of special skill Do you think they would ever talk about it No. I mean they never talk about it and I think its kind of funny. Well then it would probably be a good idea to ask them how they came to do it. And where did they get it They got it at the zoo. They bought it at a pet store. But there were no signs of it being used in any way There wasnt one on the sign. There was a little sign on the fence. What about the dog Did they use it I dont know. The dogs just didnt know how to use it. Did they make it into a dog Thats why they said it was an animal. Are you saying that because it was made of a dog Yeah. Thats how they described it. I understand that. You should call the zoo the zoo has a great animal center. Its called the Giant Zoo and they have some great animals there. You can see all kinds of animals there and you can check out the animals there as well. You could also check out the animals there. Okay so if there was a dog on the sign would it be used as a pet Oh yeah. Its

We have a new version of The Fourth Wall that is the very beginning of the fourth wall. The fourth wall is the wall between the two worlds of the th wall. The th wall is the one which is the most important place in the universe to explore and its also the home to the th wall. The four walls are all different. They are the same dimensions they are all interconnected but they are all connected by the th wall. Each dimension is linked to its own story. There are different stories to be told some of them are so short and complex that you can barely take your eyes off of them. You can only see what you want and nothing else.  The fourth wall is the first place in the universe to experience the presence of the four walls. It was built in the th century as a temporary barrier between the four walls and the th wall itself was built in the th century as a permanent barrier between the four walls. It was also used to prevent the three other dimensions from moving on their own without any kind of protection.  If there is any danger it lies in the fact that the four walls are not entirely isolated but rather hidden from view. When you enter the th wall you must enter it from either side. This way you can see everything including the D world and also the th wall itself.  How does this work  The th wall is an area of the th wall which is actually not separated from the rest of the universe. All of the th wall can be seen through the th wall and therefore the whole of the th wall can be seen through the th wall.  It is a series of blocks each having its own story. The block is called the first dimension. It is the main character in the book. The third dimension is the dimension where the four walls are made of. If you are going to be a protagonist then

Ive seen some people talking about how to make this video but I dont know if its worth posting here. What is a good way to make it easier for people to learn the basics I have no idea what the basic system is but I want to help out. Please help me out. Thanks.  What are the basics of this video   Make a short video of yourself. This video will be easy to watch without any coding skills. If youre new to the internet this can be your first time using it.   Youll need to set up a YouTube channel or something that can handle video uploads. Make sure that the video is uptodate and accessible. Dont forget to post the video in a safe place where others can see it.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different settings.   You should be able to edit the video with a few different

This is my first book in the series and Ive been reading it all over again for several weeks. I really enjoyed this book I read it in my first class.  This is my second book in the series and Ive been reading it all over again for several weeks. I really enjoyed this book I read it in my first class.  The last time I was on the bus with a group of students we were out in the city center. The buses stopped at the main road leading to the city center and then turned left. We walked around the city center then went back down the road to the bus stop. After walking around the city center for a while we went back to the bus stop. The bus driver came by and told us that we should drive back to the bus stop.  I think he knew what we wanted to do so he drove us back. He took us back to the bus stop. We had an early breakfast and we started driving. As soon as we got to the bus stop we walked towards the center. It was very quiet but we did get to see the city center.  There are several other stories in this book. You can read them all in one day. If you havent read the books before youll like them  I am writing this book now because I love the concept of the Roman empire. It seems that I have seen many civilizations and empires some of which are still in use today some are even still in the past. Rome has always been a great place to live and it is one of the most beautiful cities in the world. There is no doubt that Rome has been one of the best cities ever for its people. The Romans also managed to make the city a very popular destination for tourists. They were able to attract tourists from all over the world. However the cities of Rome never ceased to be the best places for visiting the city. In fact there are many different types of cities in Rome. One of the most popular types of cities is the Roman Temple which is a large complex structure of statues monuments and temples. This temple has

and Im sure hell be doing that for years to come. I mean the man he couldve become was a very good person but it was only after the fact that he was killed that he became an adult.   He didnt die in vain. He lived in peace and thats what makes him a hero.   The people who are going to kill him should be able to do so without hurting anyone else. No it isnt just that. We know that these people were very well known people and did not die by accident. There is no way to know if they died from a drug overdose or from an overdose.  Its like saying if you eat something that is not poisonous it will probably cause cancer.  Its hard to tell whether the guy was alive when he didnt die and the people who did. That doesnt make any sense. If there were no drugs on the street then no one would have had any idea that he was dead. If there were no drugs on the street then why would we not have any idea that he was alive  Why would anyone think that this man was alive when it wasnt even his own fault  That seems a little ridiculous.  You cant really prove a suicide in a vacuum without knowing the context of the event. But you cant prove a suicide without knowing the context of the events since it doesnt seem likely that the man who committed the crime was alive at the time. But the fact that he was alive doesnt mean that he is alive at the time.   In fact he was alive at the time he committed the crime which is what we dont know. Well I dont know how you can say that.   You cant prove that a murderer killed someone because they werent sure of where they were going to get the drug. Well in that case youre right.    But the fact that he wasnt alive means that he wasnt actually alive at the time of the crime.    It is possible that he was alive when he committed the crime but that doesnt mean that he wasnt alive

The root password for the universe is discovered means its found in a database. It could be because I have a domain name somewhere on my computer.  Im not sure how to find out who found the database.  It could also be that there are no strings on the data.  But Im not going to go into too much detail about what I cant do here.  There are no strings on the data.  Then you dont know who the database is.   Im not going to go into too much detail about what I cant do here.  Youll never know if you havent read any of the other comments on this thread.  If you think the root password is the root password then youre probably right. I think hes being sarcastic.  Hes just saying that since Ive been able to find the database Ive found the root password and its been working fine.  Its just that its been a while since Ive looked at the DB.  And Im sorry that I didnt see the other comments on this thread before I posted this. Yeah I got the same thing when I went to look at the DB.  Thanks for the explanation. 
Im not sure what you mean by the root password for the universe is discovered.  Its found in a database. It could be because I have a domain name somewhere on my computer.  Im not sure how to find out who found the database.  It could also be that there are no strings on the data.  But Im not going to go into too much detail about what I cant do here.  Youll never know if you havent read any of the other comments on this thread.  If you think the root password is the root password then youre probably right. I think hes being sarcastic.  Hes just saying that since Ive been able to find the database Ive found the root password and its been working fine.  Its just that its been a while since Ive looked at the DB.  And Im sorry that I didnt see the other comments on this thread before I posted this. Yeah I got the same thing when I went to look at the DB.  Thanks for the explanation.

The nature of it is a concept that has never been presented before. I cant believe this would even be possible. Its actually true and its a concept in itself. But thats just my opinion. If you want to know what it is use some math to figure it out. I guess there are people who dont really understand math or science.   The most important thing for me to do is make sure I have an understanding of the concepts and how they work. Ill try to find out if you have any suggestions about how to get started with math.  Im in the same boat as you. How did you get the idea of magic It could be the fact that youve never had one before but youre convinced that it exists. You could also try to learn how to do it yourself. Magic is only as good as the person who creates it. I dont think you understand what magic means. I think youre confused. Magic is not something we create. It is a form of magic.  We create it by using our minds. What is magic What does magic mean to you Magic is the ability to create a new form of magic that uses our brains to create new things. The trick is to do it by creating it so to speak.  Magic is basically making everything else into something that we know it to be. So you think magic isnt magical  And youre saying magic isnt real  How come magic isnt real Yes. Magic is a form of magic. Its created by the mind. The magic is something that happens when we make it happen. Then why do you say magic doesnt exist

or you are just a tank a healer and a tank.   But seriously what if you were to be a tank That would be cool. I dont know why I thought this was a good idea but I guess thats how it is.  It sounds like youre trying to make a point. Not really.  A tank is not a healer or a tank.  It is a class of tank.  There is no distinction between a tank and a healer. Its about balance. You are confusing tanking and healing for a class of class.  If you want balance then tanking is the wrong class.  In fact you cant tell if a class is going to be a tank or healer.  Tanks and healers are both classes.  In fact they have different class mechanics.  Youre just trying to make a point.  You might as well just go with the one you think works best for you.  tanks and healers are both classes.  Not even close.     Youre just trying to make a point.     You might as well just go with the one you think works best for you.   You do realize that tanking is pretty much just a class of class right Well I never said that tanks and healers were different classes.     So what youre saying is that tanks and healers arent the same class.  Tanking is a class of class not a class of class.  That means that in order to be a tank you need to be the most powerful class in the game.  And yes they do have different class mechanics.

Thanks for your kind words. Ill be sure to check the thread more often.  No problem glad to help D  Ive been meaning to post a video of myself in a suicide note or something like that too. It would be very cool to see what people would think about it if they had the courage and guts to do it. Thats actually a good idea. Im going to try and make a video of me doing this in a bit of time. I really want to do it eventually because I know how hard it is for some people to understand that you dont have to kill yourself just to live. Maybe Ill do it when I have enough money to buy an alarm system. If you ever want to go on a video of yourself trying to commit suicide or even just suicide yourself PM me   And Im pretty sure thats what Im going to do. Im trying to get my own life together as well so I could do it in real life. Thanks for the offer. I will definitely look into it. Im already thinking about getting a new alarm system and Im going to have to keep looking at different alarm systems but I know I wont have enough money for it yet. Im probably going to save up for one of those alarm systems so I hope I can find something worthwhile.  Oh that sounds awesome. I hope that you enjoy it  
Thank you so much for your kind words. I will definitely look into it. Im already thinking about getting a new alarm system and Im going to have to keep looking at different alarm systems but I know I wont have enough money for it yet. Im probably going to save up for one of those alarm systems so I hope I can find something worthwhile.  Oh that sounds awesome. I will definitely look into it. Im already thinking about getting a new alarm system and Im going to have to keep looking at different alarm systems but I know I wont have enough money for it yet. Im probably going to save up for one of those alarm systems so I hope I can find something worthwhile.  Oh that sounds awesome. I will definitely look into it. Im already thinking about getting a new alarm system and Im going to have to keep looking at different alarm systems but I know I wont have enough money for it yet. Im probably going to save up for one of those alarm systems so I hope I can find something worthwhile.  Oh that sounds awesome. I will definitely look into it. Im already thinking about getting a new alarm system and Im going to have to keep looking at different alarm systems but I know I wont have enough money for it yet. Im probably going to save up for one of those alarm systems so I hope I can find something worthwhile.  Oh that sounds awesome. I will definitely look into it. Im already thinking about getting a new alarm system and Im going to have to keep looking at different alarm systems but I know I wont have enough money for it yet. Im probably going to save up for one of those alarm systems so I hope I can find something worthwhile.  Oh that sounds awesome. I will definitely look into it. Im already thinking about getting a new alarm system and Im going to have to keep looking at different alarm systems but I know I wont have enough money for it yet. Im probably going to save up for one of those alarm systems so I hope I can find something worthwhile.  Oh that sounds awesome. I will definitely look into it. Im already thinking about getting a new alarm system and Im going to have to keep looking at different alarm systems but I know I wont have enough money for it yet. Im probably going to save up

Ive never heard of that before. Are you sure it was you  Or are you just being paranoid  I dont know why you would think that but I am not so sure.  You will be the first one to tell me what you think.  But I am not going to stop there. I have the most basic understanding of the Universe and if you dont believe in my theory of superman then please go back to your studies and learn more about me.  The only thing I have to say is that I want to thank you for the courage and support you have given me. I have come to realize that even though I do not understand what you mean by Superman I know that you are very important to me. And I hope you feel safe and happy with your life.  If you have any questions feel free to ask. I will try my best to help you.  Thank you for reading and keep on having fun  Lydia  P.S. I love this blog and I have already read many times. Thank you for helping me out.  Hugs  Celia  Lydia  Hi Im Lydia and I am a writer and a blogger. I like to write stories and I have been writing since I was about  years old. I have also been doing my own things as a freelance writer and freelance photographer and I enjoy writing about my favorite books and movies. I started writing this blog in  and have been writing every day since then. I have a lot of work to do and I am constantly looking for ways to improve my craft. I would love to hear from you.  Please leave a comment below or send me an email at lydiacelia.com

or you can listen to the bible and believe what you want to hear.  I mean its a great book but I dont think it should be used as a guide for how you should live your life.  But I dont think it should be used as a guide for how you should live your life.  It does when youre on your own.  There are many things that Id say to the contrary but the only reason why people would ever use it is because theyre afraid of whats coming from their mouths. Then what do you do  You go to church you drink a little coffee and you worship a deity.  What do you do Im not really sure what the problem is.  The problem is that Im still trying to figure out what I really want to say to God.  Do I need to talk to him about everything  Do I need to explain myself to him  Are there any things that I could say to him  Can I even say Well Ive been doing this for a long time so I guess Ill just take it easy. If you dont already have a solid answer then you probably shouldnt be in this situation.  If you are going to spend your time explaining yourself then I would say You know Im just trying to understand what God wants me to do.  When you arent sure you need to talk to him then ask him what he wants you to do.  Tell him that you dont want to talk to him about anything.  Then tell him what you want to say.  Give him a hard time but keep telling him you dont want to talk to him.  Do it with the intention of talking to him about it.  Tell him you want to talk to him about something else.  Dont give up and tell him you wont talk to him about anything.

and I thought I was the only one who could remember my own life. So when did I die  But yeah Im not really sure I understand what you mean about being reborn human. Its a term for when you are not reborn human. I think he means reborn human. Thats all. He also said that it was a term for someone who is reborn human. Ah ok sorry. I wasnt sure if that was the case or not. No worries Its an interesting word to use. The concept of a reincarnationrebirth is very similar to transitioning or transfiguration. Theyre both terms for someone who has been reborn as a person whos still alive. It can also be used to refer to a person who is reborn as a person but that person is still a person. Thanks for the explanation I guess I have no idea how to phrase it properly... Yeah its a bit confusing sometimes. Oh I get it now thank you so much Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Thank you so much. I am so glad you helped. I appreciate it.  You are so welcome. I hope youre doing well now.  
Thank you so much Im doing well. I hope youre doing well.  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on getting better  Youre welcome And keep on

uthejoker Glad to see someone else has the same opinion as me.  Thanks for pointing this out.  I think its just a matter of personal preference but Id love to see more of you in this subreddit. I really like your flair  It makes me happy to see that there is a community here dedicated to hunting and killing monsters Thank you very much Im glad you enjoyed my comment  The last time I posted my flair I was on rall and I got a lot of people talking about the idea of killing monsters so I thought maybe that might be something I should try. Ahh yeah I didnt know it was a thing until I read your post.  I really appreciate that.    Im glad you liked it.  Its an easy way to get into rfireteams which is nice to see. Thanks  Ive been trying to find a group of people who actually enjoy doing this but Im not sure how it would help me out.  If we do get a group together though Ill have to make sure to follow up with the mods to make sure everyone knows about it. 
Im not sure how it would help you out but Im glad you liked it.  Its an easy way to get into rfireteams which is nice to see.  Ive been trying to find a group of people who actually enjoy doing this but Im not sure how it would help me out.  If we do get a group together though Ill have to make sure to follow up with the mods to make sure everyone knows about it.  Thanks  Im glad you liked it.  Its an easy way to get into rfireteams which is nice to see.  Ive been trying to find a group of people who actually enjoy doing this but Im not sure how it would help me out.  If we do get a group together though Ill have to make sure to follow up with the mods to make sure everyone knows about it.
Im not sure how it would help you out but Im glad you liked it. Its an easy way to get into rfireteams which is nice to see. Ive been trying to find a group of people who actually enjoy doing this but Im not sure how it would help me out. If we do get a group together though Ill have to make sure to follow up with the mods to make sure everyone knows about it.
Im not sure how it would help you out but Im glad you liked it. Its an easy way to get into rfireteams which is nice to see. Ive been trying to find a group of people who actually enjoy doing this but Im not sure how it would help me out. If we do get a group together though Ill have to make sure to follow up with the mods to make sure everyone knows about it.
Im not sure how it would help you out but Im glad you liked it. Its an easy way to get into rfireteams which is nice to see. Ive been trying to find a group of people who actually enjoy doing this but Im not sure how it would help me out. If we do get a group together though Ill have to make sure to follow up with the mods to make sure everyone knows about it.
Im not sure how it would help you out but Im glad you

and each time he stops you he gets closer to accomplishing his evil plan. Its not just me it happens a lot in the MCU. In every movie and TV show Ive seen the villain is the hero. In all movies theyre the hero. In every TV show hes the villain.   Marvel doesnt have to do anything with the hero.  In fact they could just release a character that could be the villain in every movie they make.  It wouldnt be like oh shit youre the villain or oh my god your character is a superhero  Itd be like oh my god youre the villain You must be one of those guys who thinks Superman is the hero because he was literally killed by a spider. I dont think so. I think the villains arent the heroes they are the heroes. I believe it was more of an allegory than a metaphor for how the villainheroes would react to the loss of the hero. There is no allegory for it though.  They are the heroes in the comics and Superman is the hero in the comics. Yes there is. But the comic is about the heroes. The hero and the villain are different characters and thats what makes them both heroes.  There is a hero in the comics but not the hero. And thats why its called the hero. 
I think youre right. Im not sure what you mean by hero in the comics. I think its more of a metaphor for how the villainheroes would react to the loss of the hero. There is no allegory for it though. They are the heroes in the comics and Superman is the hero in the comics. Yes there is. But the comic is about the heroes. The hero and the villain are different characters and thats what makes them both heroes. There is no allegory for it though. They are the heroes in the comics and Superman is the hero in the comics. Yes there is. But the comic is about the heroes. The hero and the villain are different characters and thats what makes them both heroes. There is no allegory for it though. They are the heroes in the comics and Superman is the hero in the comics. Yes there is. But the comic is about the heroes. The hero and the villain are different characters and thats what makes them both heroes. There is no allegory for it though. They are the heroes in the comics and Superman is the hero in the comics. Yes there is. But the comic is about the heroes. The hero and the villain are different characters and thats what makes them both heroes. There is no allegory for it though. They are the heroes in the comics and Superman is the hero in the comics. Yes there is. But the comic is about the heroes. The hero and the villain are different characters and thats what makes them both heroes. There is no allegory for it though. They are the heroes in the comics and Superman is the hero in the comics. Yes there is. But the comic is about the heroes. The hero and the villain are different characters and thats what makes them both heroes. There is no allegory for it though. They are the heroes in the comics and Superman is the hero in the comics. Yes there is. But the comic is about the heroes. The hero and the villain are different characters and thats what makes them both heroes. There is no allegory for it though. They are the heroes in the comics and Superman is the hero in the comics. Yes there is. But the comic is about the heroes. The hero and the villain are different characters and thats what makes them

the laws of nature become sentient beings.      This is the law of nature as it applies to everything in the universe. Its not really meant to be used to justify any sort of wrong doing.  Its only used to justify the wrong doing.  Im saying that this is what happens when we do things that dont make sense but are actually necessary to our lives.  Im not saying its always right but it does happen. So youre saying that if you want to commit suicide you should kill yourself That would be very very wrong and morally wrong to do.    But then how do you know you wont die  So youre saying that if you want to commit suicide you should kill yourself  I think youre confusing kill yourself with commit suicide.   But then how do you know you wont die  Because youre saying youre going to kill yourself. Im not saying youre going to commit suicide Im saying youre committing suicide because you want to commit suicide.  If I were to commit suicide Id have to choose between killing myself or dying. I wouldnt want to commit suicide but Id want to kill myself. If you commit suicide youre committing suicide because you want to die. If you commit suicide youre committing suicide because you want to die. If you commit suicide youre committing suicide because you want to die.  There are laws of nature that are designed to prevent people from committing suicide.    If you committed suicide youre committing suicide because you want to die. The laws of nature are not designed to prevent people from committing suicide.  Theyre designed to prevent people from committing suicide. There are laws of nature that are designed to prevent people from committing suicide.  You just said there are laws of nature that are designed to prevent people from committing suicide.  What do you mean by that    You seem confused. You said that there are laws of nature that are designed to prevent people from committing suicide.  And I said that there are laws of nature

It is always good to have some ideas. And even better to remember them.  This week Im going to share some of my favorite songs from the movie The Lion King and their sequels  . I Cant Stop Talking About It from Cinderella  I cant stop talking about it is an emotional love letter to the characters in the film who were both born with this lifethreatening condition. The lyrics are so beautiful. Its really hard to describe how much I like how the movie portrays them but you get what I mean when I say that theyre all very different. The opening line is I dont want to talk about it anymore. Its such a sad song. It reminds me of my childhood. I think I used to sing it with my mom back then and we sang it together. But now I just know I want to do something about it. I dont want to talk about it anymore.  . Piggybacking on the Lion King from The Lion King  I dont want to talk about it anymore. This is such a sad song. It reminds me of my childhood. I think I used to sing it with my mom back then and we sang it together. But now I just know I want to do something about it. I dont want to talk about it anymore.  . Boys Are More Important Than Girls from The Lion King  I cant stop talking about it anymore. Theres this one thing Ive been saying since I was little that I miss. That I still hate boys. I still talk about it. Ive been saying it for years now. But it just doesnt make any sense to me anymore. I just want to keep talking about it. Its

and its still not like you have any choice but to do what you want.  Its just that you cant do anything about it. You are wrong. That is because we humans are so selfish and selfish. We cant change things without taking action.  If you live in a society where there is no need to change the world you are a selfish person who does not care for the well being of others. You are the kind of person who would care if your family were going through the same situation as you. So then how can I change the world If you are a selfish person you dont want to be an effective leader.  You want to make a difference in the lives of other people.  You are also a selfish person.  So you will want to get involved in something that affects you personally.  I wouldnt want to be a member of a cult. Im not sure what youre talking about. Im a pacifist and I dont mind killing people but I hate people who dont agree with me. You dont love people because they disagree with you but you do love them because theyre not happy or because you hate them because you feel they are unfair or because you want to kill them. I mean its a pretty simple concept but it doesnt help that people are generally pretty selfish.  Its a nice little fact that people are generally more willing to kill people than they are to defend them.

The chasing is the effect of the butterfly not the original.  In this way the chasing is not a chasing but a changing in the initial setup. The changing of the initial setup is an expression of the butterflys behavior.  An important fact about butterfly behavior is that it has different scales. The butterfly has three scales  A B and C.  This is the most common and least common butterfly. It has a lower scale than other butterflies and also a higher scale than some other butterflies. It also has the most number of wings in all butterfly species. This is the largest butterfly on Earth.  It has a smaller scale than other butterflies because it has fewer numbers. It has the smallest number of wings.  Its overall size is only  feet.  This is the most common butterfly on Earth because it has two wings. It is larger than other butterflies because it has fewer numbers. It has the smallest number of wings.  The second most common butterfly the butterfly butterfly has a smaller number of wings than other butterflies. It has a larger number of wings than other butterflies.  These are the scales that most people use when deciding whether or not to fly. In fact the scales are very similar with one more scale being called the movement of wings. However they do not compare in many ways.  For example the butterfly butterfly has a large number of wings compared to other butterflies but it has only  wings.  The butterfly butterfly has a small number of wings compared to other butterflies but it has only  wing.  The butterfly butterfly has a small number of wings compared to other butterflies but it has only  wing.  The butterfly butterfly has a small number of wings compared to other butterflies but it has only  wings.  The butterfly butterfly has a small number of wings compared to other butterflies but it has only  wings.  The butterfly butterfly has a small number of wings compared to other butterflies but it has only  wings.  The butterfly butterfly has a small number of wings

or at least thats what he said.  I like it but it just seems to be a plot point for something else.  It would make sense if he was trying to do something with his life to stop the Dark Side from happening.  But then again hes not really a Jedi so... maybe. Yeah I think youre right. It doesnt look good either way though. The whole my bad I didnt know moment is kind of a let down. Yeah the whole Im sorry I cant take this anymore moment was kind of a let down too. I mean thats a great thing.  Youve got a lot of good ideas.  I think we should just wait until we get the full episode to see how it goes.  At least we know what happened.  And if its not I guess well have to wait for the rest of the season. Agreed.  If I saw the final episode I would be a little disappointed.  Its my favorite episode so far and I love how it ends up.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a huge fan of the ending to the show but I think it was fantastic.  Also theres a good chance it will end in an epic fight scene where ObiWan and Darth Vader are fighting. 
Im not a huge fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big fan of the ending to the show either but I think it was fantastic.  I hope Im wrong  Im not a big

He is a guy who is really tall and he looks like he has a big ass and I dont think he has any clothes on. Hes wearing a black shirt jeans and a black beanie and his hair is a little blonde. He is in front of the elevator and it is dark but he can see the mans face and hes wearing a white hooded sweatshirt.  The man is dressed in a dark suit with a tie. It is his first time at the hotel. He is sitting on the floor with his legs spread out. He is wearing a black hooded sweatshirt and black pants. He is walking backwards and he looks like he is going to hit a wall. He is in front of the elevator and it is dark but he can see the mans face and he is wearing a white hooded sweatshirt.  He is looking for a job a girl is waiting for him and she wants to know what he is up to. Shes also going to ask him if he is going to work there. The elevator is opened and he is standing in front of the building with his legs spread out. The man is looking at the woman in the middle of the elevator and he is looking at her face. Shes walking backwards and he looks like he is going to hit a wall. Hes looking at the woman in the middle of the elevator and shes walking backwards and he looks like he is going to hit a wall.  The man is staring at the woman in the middle of the elevator and he is looking at her face. Shes walking backwards and he looks at her face. Hes looking at her face. Hes looking at the woman in the middle of the elevator and he is looking at her face. Hes looking at the woman in the middle of the elevator and shes walking backwards and he looks at her face. Shes walking backwards and he looks at her face. Hes looking at the woman in the middle of the elevator and shes walking backward and he looks at her face. Hes looking at the woman in the middle of the elevator and shes walking backwards and he looks at her face. Shes walking backwards and he looks at

or even a judge. The people of this country have had enough of their political correctness that is why they dont like the way we think. They will always be the minority.   Its not about Im from here or I want to be here. Its about being able to live a life without fear and not having to worry about what happens when it comes to someone else. How can you be sure that someone else has no right to exist You are claiming to be an American citizen. Your claim is false.  There is no right to exist in the world. It is the property of another. You are making claims that you believe are false. That is not how logic works. If I were to call a person a human being then I would consider him a human being. I am a man of faith. I am the law. I am the law. And I know that I do not believe in a right to exist in the world. I am a man of faith. And I know that I do not believe in a right to exist in the world.  The problem is that you seem to think otherwise.  I would suggest you read up on the law before you talk about my claim. I am a man of faith. I am the law. I am the law. And I know that I do not believe in a right to exist in the world.  The problem is that you seem to think otherwise.  I would suggest you read up on the law before you talk about my claim.      The problem is that you seem to think otherwise.  I am not.                                                                                                               

The city is on fire and the residents are fleeing for their lives.  The book is a story of a man who has lost his family his homeland and the life he loves. It is a story about two friends who have come to terms with the loss of their own homeland.  The book is an epic tale of two people who fall in love and overcome their fears and dreams to find each other again.  A portal to a fantasylike land opens in the middle of New York City and exiles start coming through.  The city is on fire and the residents are fleeing for their lives.  The book is a story of two people who fall in love and overcome their fears and dreams to find each other again.  A portal to a fantasylike land opens in the middle of New York City and exiles start coming through.  The city is on fire and the residents are fleeing for their lives.  The book is an epic tale of two people who fall in love and overcome their fears and dreams to find each other again.  A portal to a fantasylike land opens in the middle of New York City and exiles start coming through.  The city is on fire and the residents are fleeing for their lives.  The book is an epic tale of two people who fall in love and overcome their fears and dreams to find each other again.  A portal to a fantasylike land opens in the middle of New York City and exiles start coming through.  The city is on fire and the residents are fleeing for their lives.  The book is an epic tale of two people who fall in love and overcome their fears and dreams to find each other again.  A portal to a fantasylike land opens in the middle of New York City and exiles start coming through.  The city is on fire and the residents are fleeing for their lives.  The book is an epic tale of two people who fall in love and overcome their fears and dreams to find each other again.  A portal to a fantasylike land opens in the middle of New York City and exiles start coming through.  The city is on fire and

The duo will be joined by Beyonc T.I. and Drake to discuss their upcoming album Black Lives Matter on Wednesday night at pm ETPT.  Taylor Swift and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions.  The duo will be joined by Beyonc T.I. and Drake to discuss their upcoming album Black Lives Matter on Wednesday night at pm ETPT.  Taylor Swift and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions.  The duo will be joined by Beyonc T.I. and Drake to discuss their upcoming album Black Lives Matter on Wednesday night at pm ETPT.  Taylor Swift and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions.  The duo will be joined by Beyonc T.I. and Drake to discuss their upcoming album Black Lives Matter on Wednesday night at pm ETPT.  Taylor Swift and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions.  The duo will be joined by Beyonc T.I. and Drake to discuss their upcoming album Black Lives Matter on Wednesday night at pm ETPT.  Taylor Swift and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions.  The duo will be joined by Beyonc T.I. and Drake to discuss their upcoming album Black Lives Matter on Wednesday night at pm ETPT.  Taylor Swift and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions.  The duo will be joined by Beyonc T.I. and Drake to discuss their upcoming album Black Lives Matter on Wednesday night at pm ETPT.  Taylor Swift and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden

and Im not saying you should. But I do think thats what were seeing. I think thats how it happens. Its the reality of it all. But thats not how reality works. You cant really see the shadow when its there. You cant see the light when its there.  Thats why I think its time to change our paradigm stop being lazy and start having a little bit of compassion for the darkness. You know what I agree completely. Ive been living in the shadow for  years now and I feel better about it. Weve moved past it. Its just not right anymore. I dont want to be living in an atmosphere where people cant see what is going on in the shadows because theyre afraid. Id rather live in the shadows and hope for the best. Ill be honest though I dont think were going anywhere anytime soon. I wish I could just let go of the shadows. I hate them they are so hard to see. I would love to but I have to deal with my own shit. I dont know if I can handle the constant fear and anxiety. I hate to live in these situations and Ive heard so much about them. Im going to keep trying maybe someday.  I just dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about it. I dont know what to do about

Im a DM. I know this is a bit vague but the concept of a game being about a person or a group of people. And I want to find the story in order to make it more interesting.   The idea that we should be able to write stories with characters who are different from us seems to me rather silly and odd. Well if youre going for that its certainly not wrong. But Id suggest something like a RPG where you could do things like read the books then write them down and then have a character or even the book itself tell you what they think.   I mean I love RPGs but there is no reason why it shouldnt be fun to write something else. Or maybe just keep writing. It doesnt need to be a story. Just some characters. Thats fair enough. But it would be nice to know what characters actually mean. I know theres a lot of stuff I could use but I dont know what Id be using for example. The main point of a story is to get readers into it. Theres nothing wrong with that. 

Im not sure what you mean by the idea that we should be able to write stories with characters who are different from us. Well if youre going for that its certainly not wrong. But Id suggest something like a RPG where you could do things like read the books then write them down and then have a character or even the book itself tell you what they think. I mean I love RPGs but there is no reason why it shouldnt be fun to write something else. Or maybe just keep writing. It doesnt need to be a story. Just some characters. Thats fair enough. But it would be nice to know what characters actually mean. I know theres a lot of stuff I could use but I dont know what Id be using for example. The main point of a story is to get readers into it. Theres nothing wrong with that. But Id suggest something like a RPG where you could do things like read the books then write them down and then have a character or even the book itself tell you what they think. I mean I love RPGs but there is no reason why it shouldnt be fun to write something else. Or maybe just keep writing. It doesnt need to be a story. Just some characters. Thats fair enough. But it would be nice to know what characters actually mean. I know theres a lot of stuff I could use but I dont know what Id be using for example. The main point of a story is to get readers into it. Theres nothing wrong with that. But Id suggest something like a RPG where you could do things like read the books then write them down and then have a character or even the book itself tell you what they think. I mean I love RPGs but there is no reason why it shouldnt be fun to write something else. Or maybe just keep writing. It doesnt need to be a story. Just some characters. Thats fair enough. But it would be nice to know what characters actually mean. I know theres a lot of stuff I could use but I dont know what Id be using for example. The main point of a story is to get readers into it. Theres nothing wrong with that. But Id suggest something like a RPG where you could do things like read the

and play a few games of civ .  I dont like the idea of this.  I cant imagine anyone buying the game and playing it but people will still buy it.  Maybe some day. I hope you are right  Civ  is really the best Civ  I have ever played.  It has the most unique engaging and dynamic characters and the best gameplay mechanics that I have seen in any modern Civ game. I agree.  Theres so much stuff to do with Civ .  I am not sure what kind of game I want to play but Im definitely going to try to get Civ  for my next PC gaming project.  I am also curious if anyone knows what kind of game I could get into especially since I already have Civ . Civ  is great but youll probably just be bored out of your mind by the end of the game.  I would recommend trying out Civ  first and then starting a new game after which Civ  will come out as an optional component of the game. Ive heard of Civ  being a huge game changer.  Im looking forward to playing it again. It is.  And youll love it too. 
Im not sure what kind of game I want to play but Im definitely going to try to get Civ  for my next PC gaming project. I am also curious if anyone knows what kind of game I could get into especially since I already have Civ  for my next PC gaming project. Civ  is great but youll probably just be bored out of your mind by the end of the game. I would recommend trying out Civ  first and then starting a new game after which Civ  will come out as an optional component of the game. Ive heard of Civ  being a huge game changer. Im looking forward to playing it again. It is. And youll love it too.

The discovery of a cure for cancer has been discovered on Mars astronauts have only one chance to bring it home where they hope to duplicate its properties for mass distribution. The discovery of a cure for cancer has been discovered on Mars astronauts have only one chance to bring it home where they hope to duplicate its properties for mass distribution.  In the case of the moon the scientists found that the DNA in the DNA can be recycled from the lunar surface to other planets including the moon. The scientists say that this could make the Moon more habitable and provide an additional source of fuel for life on Earth.  The research was published in the journal Nature Astronomy.  If we dont do this were going to lose our ability to get any kind of energy from the sun said lead researcher Dr. John Ziegler from NASAs Ames Research Center in California.  Scientists believe that this could be a major breakthrough for the development of new therapeutic treatments for cancer.  This is one of the most exciting discoveries in our lifetime said lead author of the study Dr. Michael J. Schubert from the University of Oregon. We found that the DNA in the DNA can be recycled from the lunar surface to other planets including the moon.  The researchers also found that the DNA in the DNA can be reused between the lunar surface and other planets as well.  The idea here is that if you are not able to recycle the DNA from the lunar surface you are not able to get the energy from the sun said Schubert.  So this is really promising for us because we know that the moon is very habitable but if we can reuse the DNA from the lunar surface and use it in other planets that will give us another way to have access to the energy we need for life on earth he added.  Schubert and his colleagues discovered the DNA in the DNA of three astronauts on the International Space Station Michael J. Schubert Alan Shepard and William H. Schulz. 

You are drawing your final breaths dying from a disease that has taken you far too young and far too fast. Just as you are about to pass an apparition appears before you and offers you five extra years of perfect health to spend as you see fit. But there is a catch...  If you have ever wanted to work at a restaurant you can do just that. At BB  Roast we offer a fully insured cover for any type of emergency  from your emergency car accident to an accident on the way home. In addition we offer insurance coverage for everything from accidental burns to serious injuries. For those of you who need medical treatment we have a dedicated team of doctors who are happy to help with any emergency in our hospital. If you are having trouble breathing you may want to call us today at  or email us at bandobstakebbs.com.  The BB  Roast team at BB  Roast offer a full insurance cover for all types of emergencies including car accidents major burns and even minor injuries that require medical attention. We will ensure that you receive the medical care you deserve.  Our specialists are here to take care of your medical needs. Our doctors are knowledgeable caring and professional. Our staff are available  hours a day seven days a week. The BB  Roast team can handle all your medical needs. Call today to schedule your consultation.  The BB  Roast team at BB  Roast is committed to providing the best possible care for everyone. We are here to make sure that you get the care you need when you need it most. You are given the chance to be present at all times and we encourage you to always feel comfortable in our clinic. You can even bring your own food and drinks to the clinic to enjoy. Your doctors office will be here to meet you in the lobby.  BB  Roast offers comprehensive treatments for both the general and specific conditions of your body. We specialize in treating chronic diseases

and now hes going to be the next celebrity  I have no idea how I feel about this.  He has a reputation for being an incredibly good actor but what he did was wrong.  That said its not like hes the only one who gets his ass handed to him by celebrities... Hes definitely the one who gets the first invitation. No. Hes the one who gets the second invitation.   He cant do that when hes already sitting on the couch. Its a different kind of invitation. He doesnt need to get a first impression. Exactly hes not getting a first impression. Hes getting a second impression. Hes not getting a second impression. Im pretty sure thats the point youre trying to make.  I dont know why you think he doesnt get a first impression.  Its not like he cant just go sit on the couch.  Hes not in the habit of sitting on the couch anymore. Oh yeah. I forgot.   So I thought we were talking about the same thing. I thought the point was the first impression but I see your point now.  Its not like theres anything special about him or anyone else. Yes its not special about him or anyone else.  Its just something he does.  Hes in the habit of having a nice cool wellmade movie about him.  Its a cool movie.  And hes doing it with a big fat fat guy.  You might want to check out his other movies.  Theyre not as good as some of his earlier ones.  But Im sure theyll be great.

in the end ill be dead.  i will die. I have the same feeling about death being a lie made by the government thats why I love this subreddit. oh man i think i have died.    i thought i was dead but then i saw the name death and i said okay youre dead. Haha its funny how people who think they are dead get downvoted into oblivion for saying something completely different than what they actually mean.  Its like you have no idea what youre talking about. i am just not a fan of their bullshit.    i really dont know what im supposed to believe anymore.    i do understand though it is so weird how things can happen after death.  i think the world needs more of us.  i feel like i have to live a life without thinking about death.  im tired of living in an echo chamber of bullshit and lies.  i really dont know what im supposed to believe anymore.   Well Im glad you understand what youre doing but if you dont then I dont know what else to tell you. i dont know what im supposed to believe anymore either.    i really dont know.    i dont want to believe anything anymore.   ive been living a very long and sad life without knowing what i really want.  im tired of living in a world where people seem to think i am dead.  i think im going to go back to my life without dying.

I am getting tired of being able to explain whats happening without sounding like an idiot. Its not that Im stupid its just that I cant understand why it happens. Oh man youre so smart I was saying that youre getting old lol. Thats weird but thats okay. When your brain cant comprehend why something happened you have a problem I suppose. I guess that makes sense. I dont know why my brain couldnt comprehend something. But I dont think its possible for me to comprehend everything. But Ill try to keep thinking about it if Im feeling stupid  Youll get used to it it just takes time D I hope your experience goes well Thank you I hope so too. Ive had a lot of fun trying to figure out what was wrong with me. Now its time to find out how my mind works  The best thing about being able to understand is knowing that youre not alone I wish you luck on your journey Thanks. I appreciate it  Im sure that I will soon be able to understand what went wrong. Its so strange though how I feel about things. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the way we are. Its hard to explain it anymore.  I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its just the nature of our bodies. I guess its

one thing that i did not realize was that my ex was a really nice person. He got into fights and sometimes even threatened to kill me if I didnt get help or help him. he also told me that i was crazy because i had never been with someone who was a bad person. He just wanted to be friends with me but now he cant see me as a friend. i guess it is a problem for me to have friends who are not like that especially when i do not think about them. Maybe you should try to find a new roommate  Maybe you should try to talk to your parents.  Maybe you should try to start a conversation with your parents.  Maybe you should try to find some new roommates. i just dont know how to find anyone. i always thought i had it bad because i live alone. i dont know if its just me or maybe people dont know what i do. i mean i have a lot of friends. i dont know how to go about getting a new roommate though... maybe i should ask my parents. If you dont know where to go from there you might want to consider finding a new place because you might not be able to move out until after your graduation. okay thank you so much 

Im sorry to hear about your situation. I hope you can find a new roommate. I know how hard it can be to find a new roommate. Im sorry youre going through this. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new roommate. I hope you can find a new

. They dont know what happened. Im sure theyre scared to say that. I dont know. Maybe its because youve been there before. I dont know. But the most important thing is just to be safe and stay at home no matter how much you love your boyfriend. Be strong and remember that he cant make this shit up.   Edit and for those who are confused the hospital was not abandoned. The hospital was used by the military during WW. Well I mean that I could have stayed there longer but I would still feel unsafe even if I didnt want to go. You would have to be physically and mentally present for a longer period of time. But I guess you are right. It may be a shame that you arent able to get out but you will be safe from it. I guess I could maybe have stayed longer but I couldnt leave my friend behind because she is my best friend. Ill probably keep her on a temporary hold until she is safe again. Thank you If you have any questions or concerns please let me know. Im here if you need me. Ill message you later today Thanks. 

Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about your friend. Im so sorry to hear about

A lot of people do.  Its just that its so easy to say No one ever does.  Because the way it is now everyone is either doing it or not doing it.  If youre doing it you cant be doing it because its easier to say No one ever does. You can if you say its easy for others to do it. True.  Im not saying theres a lack of it but I think it has something to do with what people do.  And Im not saying its easy to get a job but that doesnt make it less easy.  I dont think people who do this are always doing it but they tend to have some sort of ego to it.  I wouldnt say its easy to do it because people would like to know how theyve done it before and want to see how its done. I wouldnt say its easy to do it because people would like to know how theyve done it before and want to see how its done.   They might not want to know how they did it but they might not want to do it because they feel bad about it. You could argue that being able to do it is more important than it seems but I doubt it is. I dont think its hard for people to understand that sometimes theyre just good at it. 
I agree with you. I dont think its easy to do it because people would like to know how theyve done it before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to see how its done before and want to

Im actually going to take a year off this semester and be in my final semester of college.  Ill probably do some work on my computer or something.  Ive been doing my research but I really dont want to waste time getting caught up in the middle of nothing. You should go to university for at least  years and you will be able to do your homework and stuff.  You can do anything else if you have the resources and time.  Good luck Im looking forward to it. Ive been trying to figure out how to get by without going to university so Im sure Ill be fine. Thanks No problem man  Its not like youre stuck in a shitty situation or anything.  Just stay focused on what youre good at and keep working on yourself.  The hardest part is just learning to make mistakes and learn from them.  Keep it up Thank you for the kind words Ill try to keep my head down. Im definitely gonna make it through the summer and maybe next fall. Just remember that you are going to be studying hard to get into college.  Be sure to stick to your goals and keep working on your assignments.  Youll get there and youll be better prepared than most people are. 
Thank you so much for the kind words. I really appreciate it. Im going to take a year off this semester and be in my final semester of college. Ill probably do some work on my computer or something. Ive been doing my research but I really dont want to waste time getting caught up in the middle of nothing. You should go to university for at least  years and you will be able to do your homework and stuff. You can do anything else if you have the resources and time. Good luck Im looking forward to it. Ive been trying to figure out how to get by without going to university so Im sure Ill be fine. Thanks No problem man Its not like youre stuck in a shitty situation or anything. Just stay focused on what youre good at and keep working on yourself. The hardest part is just learning to make mistakes and learn from them. Keep it up Thank you for the kind words Ill try to keep my head down. Im definitely gonna make it through the summer and maybe next fall. Just remember that you are going to be studying hard to get into college.
Thank you so much for the kind words. I really appreciate it. Im going to take a year off this semester and be in my final semester of college. Ill probably do some work on my computer or something. Ive been doing my research but I really dont want to waste time getting caught up in the middle of nothing. You should go to university for at least  years and you will be able to do your homework and stuff. You can do anything else if you have the resources and time. Good luck Im looking forward to it. Ive been trying to figure out how to get by without going to university so Im sure Ill be fine. Thanks for the kind words Ill try to keep my head down. Im definitely gonna make it through the summer and maybe next fall. Just remember that you are going to be studying hard to get into college.
Thank you so much for the kind words. I really appreciate it. Im going to take a year off this semester and be in my final semester of college. Ill probably do some work on my computer or something. Ive been doing my research but I really dont want to waste time getting caught up in the middle of nothing. You should go to

I have never once heard of a man committing suicide. I thought it was just a minor thing but I cant remember if I ever saw someone commit suicide. Im not sure why youd think that. Ive been asked this question a lot on here. I dont know what to say and I dont want to get into any further debate. But I do know that some people are guilty of committing suicide in the first place because they were too afraid of their own health or wellbeing to risk it. I understand that some people arent guilty of committing suicide because theyre afraid that others will do it. I believe there are many more people who are doing something wrong than people who committed suicide.  I understand that some people are guilty of committing suicide because they were too afraid of their own health or wellbeing to risk it. I believe there are many more people who are doing something wrong than people who committed suicide.   If you look at the suicide rate in America amongst other things its way higher than anywhere else in the world. Its even more concerning when you consider the fact that most people in the US kill themselves in the first place. Not to mention the fact that suicide is also one of the most common causes of death in the US. 
 If you look at the suicide rate in America amongst other things its way higher than anywhere else in the world. Its even more concerning when you consider the fact that most people in the US kill themselves in the first place. Not to mention the fact that suicide is also one of the most common causes of death in the US.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.
 Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.   Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.   Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true. The suicide rate in the US is much higher than anywhere else in the world.  Thats not true.

and yes Im a minor diety but not a big fan of the bible either. Ive been trying to make my own house for years now Ive been reading some good books on it. Its just that I cant get into the Bible because it seems like such a heavy read to me and I dont understand why. I mean I read most of the bible but I never really have a problem with the bible. If you want to be a good Christian you need to read the Bible. Its not hard to learn and you will learn about God in the first few chapters. If you want to be a true Christian then you need to read the Bible. Its not hard.    And if you want to be a true Christian you need to read the Bible. You need to read the Bible. Thanks for the advice Yeah I was looking at the bible more and it makes sense. The only thing I have trouble with is the fact that I dont know what God is. I guess I am just too tired to explain it properly. Thanks again for your help No problem. Just remember that youre not alone. There are lots of other people who are atheists and they are all going through the same thing.    I wish you a happy new year 
Thank you so much I hope you have a wonderful new year too
I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope you have a wonderful new year too I hope

It is only an act of kindness that can change the world. It is an act of compassion that will change the world.   I dont want to have to work for a living and Im not willing to give up my freedom because Im not willing to let you do it.   Its not worth your life to be an orphan or a prostitute because you are not worth anything. Youre worthless.   And what if you get a job Would you still want to live in a city like New York What would you look like if you could stay at home and go to school   If you were a child would you ever get caught Would you ever go back to school Would you still have a job   Why are we so afraid of doing something that we cant do   If youre going to be homeless why arent you going to work hard Because youre not going to work hard enough.   And you think that Im crazy for being scared of not having enough money   You are crazy for thinking that if you go out on the street and you put in more effort youll make enough money to feed yourself.   Youre insane for thinking that it would be easier to take care of myself than to work.   If you were a person who was terrified of losing money what would you be scared of right now   What would you do if you had a million dollars   I wouldnt have a job. I wouldnt be able to work.   Id probably die. Id never get married. I would never get a job.   I wouldnt have a future. I would never be a good person. I wouldnt even know what I would be doing in my lifetime.   But if I did that what would happen to me   My children would never know what happened to me. I wouldnt have a future.   But I wouldnt have the money. I wouldnt be able to buy any

A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no significance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A genie will grant you a wish that is of no importance. You wish to be the adult you wish to be.  A gen

I think you mean the oldest inhabitant of Hell. Im not the oldest. Yeah I was referring to the old inhabitant of hell. In my experience people who have lived longer than  years have no idea what theyre talking about. Its the oldest thing in the world and it has always been the most common among all the creatures in the universe. It is also the only way to get rid of them. It is also the only way to get rid of them  The only way to get rid of them is by using your own magic.  The only way to get rid of them is by eating their souls and giving them back to the devil.  If you want to do that youll have to spend a lot more money to find the rest of them. Well I dont want to eat their souls or give them back to the devil. You dont need to be a god for your soul to become possessed.  Just take one bite of the devils soul. Oh I see thanks I guess Ill just wait until after Christmas then. Then the best thing to do is to go on a journey with the devil and his friends. Thank you Ill do that 

I think you mean the oldest inhabitant of Hell. Im not the oldest. Yeah I was referring to the old inhabitant of hell. In my experience people who have lived longer than  years have no idea what theyre talking about. Its the oldest thing in the world and it has always been the most common among all the creatures in the universe. It is also the only way to get rid of them. It is also the only way to get rid of them is by using your own magic. The only way to get rid of them is by eating their souls and giving them back to the devil. If you want to do that youll have to spend a lot more money to find the rest of them. Well I dont want to eat their souls or give them back to the devil. You dont need to be a god for your soul to become possessed. Just take one bite of the devils soul. Oh I see thanks I guess Ill just wait until after Christmas then. Then the best thing to do is to go on a journey with the devil and his friends. Thank you Ill do that I guess Ill just wait until after Christmas then. Then the best thing to do is to go on a journey with the devil and his friends. Thank you Ill do that I guess Ill just wait until after Christmas then. Then the best thing to do is to go on a journey with the devil and his friends. Thank you Ill do that I guess Ill just wait until after Christmas then. Then the best thing to do is to go on a journey with the devil and his friends. Thank you Ill do that I guess Ill just wait until after Christmas then. Then the best thing to do is to go on a journey with the devil and his friends. Thank you Ill do that I guess Ill just wait until after Christmas then. Then the best thing to do is to go on a journey with the devil and his friends. Thank you Ill do that I guess Ill just wait until after Christmas then. Then the best thing to do is to go on a journey with the devil and his friends. Thank you Ill do that I guess Ill just wait until after Christmas then. Then the best thing to do is to go on a

you look up and see your worst enemy in the mirror. I guess youve never had that kind of facial expression before I am a man. You cant be serious right No just a man who has the misfortune to be the only male in his family who is the person he was born to be and who is the one who always thinks that women are inferior to men because they have a penis. Im not saying that hes wrong I just think that he might have been trying to make a point. So youre saying youve never had that kind of facial expression before Of course not. I mean I dont really know how you guys got that impression from your pictures. I mean if you were to take a picture of a male friend and say Oh Im the best friend ever It would probably get a lot more people talking about your face than Id want. If you look at my pictures you will see that Im not a boy. Im not a girl either. But Im sure that you have a better picture of me than that one. Thats cool.  You must be an attractive man to have such a bad image for someone who has a penis. Well I wouldnt call myself attractive and I certainly dont have a penis. I understand that but what Im saying is that if you were to take a picture of a male friend and say Oh Im the best friend ever it would probably get a lot more people talking about your face than Id want.

Im gonna have to make this an actual gif. You can do it I am working on it but Im not sure how long it will take...  But it could be done for free in an hour or two  Oh Awesome Ill keep my eye out And youre welcome D Thanks so much    I just finished the first episode of season  the one that aired before Season  and I had to watch it again for some reason. It was a lot more interesting than I thought it would be. The shows ending was pretty awful but you really got into the story and its characters. Im really hoping that they end up at some point. It was a good one and Im so glad that it ended well. The ending was really cool too and it made me want to go back and watch it again.   I think Im going to go to bed right now and sleep until am tomorrow. I hope I dont wake up feeling like shit. I feel bad for you. Thats a horrible situation. I hope you find someone who is willing to help you and hopefully someone else helps you. Thank you very much I appreciate your kind words. It means a lot Your welcome I hope you can find somebody who will help you.   Im sure Ill find someone whos willing to help you too. I hope you find someone who has compassion. 

and you are the first generation of history  born to late to have seen Earth and to early to live to see your destination.  You are an adult. You were born on a colonizing spacecraft on your way to a distant star. You are the middle generation of history  born to late to have seen Earth and to early to live to see your destination.  You are an adult. You were born on a colonizing spacecraft on your way to a distant star. You are the middle generation of history  born to late to have seen Earth and to early to live to see your destination.  You are an adult. You were born on a colonizing spacecraft on your way to a distant star. You are the middle generation of history  born to late to have seen Earth and to early to live to see your destination.  You are an adult. You were born on a colonizing spacecraft on your way to a distant star. You are the middle generation of history  born to late to have seen Earth and to early to live to see your destination.  You are an adult. You were born on a colonizing spacecraft on your way to a distant star. You are the middle generation of history  born to late to have seen Earth and to early to live to see your destination.  You are an adult. You were born on a colonizing spacecraft on your way to a distant star. You are the middle generation of history  born to late to have seen Earth and to early to live to see your destination.  You are an adult. You were born on a colonizing spacecraft on your way to a distant star. You are the middle generation of history  born to late to have seen Earth and to early to live to see your destination.  You are an adult. You were born on a colonizing spacecraft on your way to a distant star. You are the middle generation of history  born to late to have seen Earth and to early to live to see your destination.  You are an adult. You were born on

to avoid the death. To avoid the death the passerby decides to have a casual conversation with him. To score the goals the passerby decides to be a little more adventurous and try and get his own shot off.  to avoid the death. To score the goals the passerby decides to be a little more adventurous and try and get his own shot off. To score the goals the passerby decides to be a little more adventurous and try and get his own shot off. To score the goals the passerby decides to be a little less adventurous and try and get his own shot off. To score the goals the passerby decides to be a little less adventurous and try and get his own shot off.  The title of this article is An Innocent passerby notices another man about to hang himself on a playground . This time he was not one of those innocent passersby. He was actually quite nice. The passersby was actually kind enough to give him some good advice. I hope that you will enjoy reading this article because if not you can also read it here httpswww.youtube.comwatchvgoNhWyR  I think that the A word in the English language is a which is a bit different than the A word in the German language. When you say a word it means that it has meaning or that it might mean something important. In German the meaning is to do. The meaning is to do something or to go. The meaning is to be. I find that the meaning of the words a and b are very similar. So when you say a you mean that you intend to do something with that word. But when you say b you mean that you intend to do something with that word.  When I was a kid my friends and I were playing around with a new game called Bards Quest. We thought that we could play a game in which we would make two enemies of

You are not alone. I cant believe how much fun this has been for me so far. I have only one day left to get to the point where I can be happy. I love it Ive had to start over a few times but Im really enjoying it and am feeling great   Im also looking forward to getting started with the other challenges. I really like the idea of having some sort of daily challenge especially since there are so many different ways to do it. Yeah I feel like Im trying to find a balance between being a good day planner and taking the time to do something different each day. Its hard to choose. I think Id rather spend more time with my family and friends which is really nice because I dont want to waste my time trying to make something up for them. I try to keep things in mind though. Ill be sure to update you when I get home from work Oh and I hope that youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im excited Im glad you like the idea Its been a long road for me to get here and Im very happy I made it through. Good luck to you as well Thank you so much Im super excited about this  I hope your trip goes well 
Im so glad you enjoyed it I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im glad you like the idea Its been a long road for me to get here and Im very happy I made it through. Good luck to you as well Thank you so much Im super excited about this  I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im so excited about this  I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im so excited about this  I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im so excited about this  I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im so excited about this  I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im so excited about this  I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im so excited about this  I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im so excited about this  I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im so excited about this  I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im so excited about this  I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im so excited about this  I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im so excited about this  I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im so excited about this  I hope youre able to find a way to participate. Were definitely going to be working on this for sure Im so excited about this  I

of the planet each champion has its own unique attribute.  The champion is defined as the sum of all of the attributes of a planet that are in conflict with one another.  Each champion has its own unique attributes.  The champion is defined as the sum of all of the attributes of a planet that are in conflict with one another.  Every planet has its own unique attributes.  A champion is defined as the sum of all of the attributes of a planet that are in conflict with one another.  Each champion has its own unique attributes.  A champion is defined as the sum of all of the attributes of a planet that are in conflict with one another.  Every planet has its own unique attributes.  A champion is defined as the sum of all of the attributes of a planet that are in conflict with one another.  Every planet has its own unique attributes.  A champion is defined as the sum of all of the attributes of a planet that are in conflict with one another.  Each champion has its own unique attributes.  A champion is defined as the sum of all of the attributes of a planet that are in conflict with one another.  Each champion has its own unique attributes.  A champion is defined as the sum of all of the attributes of a planet that are in conflict with one another.  Each champion has its own unique attributes.  A champion is defined as the sum of all of the attributes of a planet that are in conflict with one another.  Each champion has its own unique attributes.  A champion is defined as the sum of all of the attributes of a planet that are in conflict with one another.  Each champion is defined as the sum of all of the attributes of a planet that are in conflict with one another.  Each champion has its own unique attributes.  A champion is defined as the sum of all of the attributes of a planet that are in conflict with one another.  Each champion has its own unique attributes.  A champion is defined as the sum

You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend I have ever had but you are missing your friend. You are the best friend

O Id love to see a King of the Hill King or something like that. Maybe a King of the Hill King with some sort of unique character. Im guessing this is a remake of the one in the video. It was originally a remake of the King of the Hill D game. The original version had a different King of the Hill character but you could still customize it. I guess so but I just dont really want it to be a remake of the original game. Its kind of like an old King of the Hill game where the characters are all different and just different from each other. I dont know what theyre supposed to do with it though... You can change the King of the Hill Kings appearance if you want.   But that would be very strange. I hope so I really hope its not a remake of the game. They need more King of the Hill characters. Thats what I was thinking about as well but I think it would be cool to have an actual King of the Hill character in a game like this. A lot of the characters in the original King of the Hill were voiced by actors who never played a King of the Hill character before.  Im glad that theyre making them a little less awkward.  There was a lot of trouble with the original King of the Hill and thats why the King of the Hill was so awkward.  I wish theyd just put him back and make the rest of the characters sound like real people instead of just a generic voice actor. Yeah thats exactly what Im thinking too. I was just hoping that it wasnt a remake of the original King of the Hill and instead just a new King of the Hill character. It was a remake of the original King of the Hill D game. The original version had a different King of the Hill character but you could still customize it. Ah.  So it was a remake of the original King of the Hill D game  Oh well good luck with that. Yep it was a

Thats a nice one. You could be my neighbor. I can talk to you if you want. Im not sure what to do with this little guy. Im sorry its all okay. Youre welcome. I was sitting on the couch in bed and I heard the voice say something like Hello. My heart was pounding. I felt a lot of emotions in my body. I felt scared. I felt sad. I felt confused. I felt angry. I felt guilty. I didnt know how to answer that question. But I was so afraid. It wasnt fair to just say Hi. Because it was too late. I knew I would never see him again. I had to get him back. I had to find him. I needed to find him. I wanted to call my mom. I wanted to tell her about my love for him. I wanted to tell her that I loved him. I wanted to be her friend. I wanted to kiss his mouth. I wanted to hug him. And then I just realized that I really wanted to cry and I needed to get away from him. I needed to be alone and he would feel bad for me. I needed to be home safe and sound. He needed to feel good. I needed to feel special. I needed to have him back. I needed to be alone. I needed to be alone with him. I needed to be alone. I needed to be alone with my soul. I needed to be alone with my body. I needed to be alone with my mind. I needed to be alone with my soul. I needed to be alone with my heart. I needed to be alone with my mind. I needed to be alone with my heart. I needed to be alone with my soul. I needed to be alone with my heart. I needed to be alone with my soul. I needed to be

I saw this on my old computer and I thought that it was some kind of joke. But its true. This is not a joke but a really funny one. Its like the douchebag from Dance with the Devil.  You might want to take the time to watch it because it is a funny movie.  Thats a very good point. You should be able to make a joke about this without being too offended.  Well you could say Oh I dont know what to say. But I think you would have to say something along the lines of I dont know what to do about this.  It would be really cool if there were a way to make the title of the movie The Devil more obvious. I mean the title has nothing to do with the movie itself but what it does is show that there is some kind of a deep connection between the two movies even if we didnt actually see anything in either of them.  And then there are the other possibilities I dont know what to do about this or I dont know what to say. Or I dont know what to do.  A good movie about a very real problem.  I think Ill go back to watching it. Thanks for the suggestion.  Well Im not sure how you can say that the title of the movie The Devil is less than The Devil. It has nothing to do with the movie itself. Its an allegory.  The Devil was written by a young man named Peter Schlesinger and he wrote the screenplay for the movie which was adapted into a TV series. The film was released as a DVD release in July .  I remember reading about that movie when it came out. I watched it with a friend who also had the movie and it seemed so strange. I also remember thinking that this is one of those movies where the story is just a bunch of people talking but theyre all actually talking

You will need to get rid of all of your tattoos and start over. You can get them done in a few hours. If you are new to tattooing you should definitely consider getting a tattoo artist. When you are starting out its best to avoid tattoos as they are not worth the cost. When you have a good tattoo artist you will be able to keep it simple but with proper care.  You should not buy or sell tattoos. Some people do not like tattoos because they are not permanent and expensive. A tattoo artist is one who has great skills that can help you find the right tattoo artist.  If you have a tattoo you want to have you will need to get rid of all of your tattoos and start over. You can get them done in a few hours. If you are new to tattooing you should definitely consider getting a tattoo artist. When you are starting out its best to avoid tattoos as they are not worth the cost. When you have a good tattoo artist you will be able to keep it simple but with proper care.  You should not buy or sell tattoos. Some people do not like tattoos because they are not permanent and expensive. A tattoo artist is one who has great skills that can help you find the right tattoo artist.  If you have a tattoo you want to have you will need to get rid of all of your tattoos and start over. You can get them done in a few hours. If you are new to tattooing you should definitely consider getting a tattoo artist. When you are starting out its best to avoid tattoos as they are not worth the cost. When you have a good tattoo artist you will be able to keep it simple but with proper care.  You should not buy or sell tattoos. Some people do not like tattoos because they are not permanent and expensive. A tattoo artist is one who has great skills that can help you find the right tattoo artist.  If you have a tattoo you want to have you will need to get rid of

I dont know what you are saying but I can relate. I am the same way. I want to live a happy fulfilled life. But I still have to take some time to make sure that I have all my emotions out of order before I can live this life. I also have to go through my own issues with depression. I think its because of my depression that I am so depressed. And its because of my depression that I am a horrible person. Its because of my depression that I have to spend hours with people. I feel like Im constantly being watched over by someone or something. I try to not feel guilty or ashamed of myself for doing what I have done. I love spending time with people who love me and want to be with me. I need to start being able to see the things I do well and not feel guilty about them. I want to see what I could have done differently if I had just stayed focused on those things.  Its tough especially when you have the support system around you. I get that. It sucks. I know. You need to find the courage to speak up. It isnt easy. You have to talk to people who know what you are going through. You have to find the courage to say something. The words dont matter. They are important. They should be spoken by someone you trust and that knows how to help you. You need to stand up for yourself. You cant do anything else than stand up for yourself. You have to do something about your problems. You have to make a list of things that you can do to help others and get the help they need. That list is where you will find the courage to speak up.  And dont forget to tell them youre dealing with mental illness. Because thats what makes it so much easier.  How do I feel  Ive been reading your blog recently and have read a lot of your posts

And now you are just  years old and you know that we all love you. We like to think that we are the best the best the best the best. But its not true. You are just a child so you dont have any real life experience. You have no real life experience. You are just a kid so you do not know what the world is like. Thats why you are always thinking of me as a good person. If you are reading this you should know that I am a person who has lived a life of adventure. The adventures started in my childhood and ended in my life. I want to live a life of adventure but I also want to live a life of mystery. And that is why I am the first person in my family to come to the conclusion that I am a very young person. I am the youngest of five children and I know that my parents never gave me the chance to be a good person. So I never gave myself any chance at being a good person. It was not my intention to be an adult. I wanted to live a life of adventure. I always thought that the world was the most beautiful place on earth. But then when I was younger I realized that there were things that made me unhappy. I couldnt stop thinking about the world but I didnt care for it. I did not want to become a good person. So I always kept thinking about the world. The world is full of people who dont understand how bad things can get. The world is filled with people who dont know how to live a life of adventure. They have no idea how to do anything. They are just a child. And that is why they are all living in misery. There is no hope for anyone. There is no hope for anyone to make any progress in their lives. I had the feeling that my life would be over. I tried to do everything I could to help other people. But nothing happened. When I told my mother that she would be dead soon she said that she doesnt even know where she is going. She doesnt know what is going on in

It makes you all the more annoyed then when the knights that have been coming to slay you seem to be getting more and more inept  If you cant even make a sentence why dont you just do something else You dont know what the fuck youre talking about.   It makes you all the more annoyed than when the knights that have been coming to slay you seem to be getting more and more inept  What do you mean by getting more and more inept  The only thing you have is the ability to make sentences.  The fact that the knights who have come to slay you seem to be getting more and more incompetent means that they are not being effective enough.  Edit I am now more confused than ever. The only thing you have is the ability to make sentences.  The only thing you have is the ability to make sentences.  The fact that the knights who have come to slay you seem to be getting more and more incompetent means that they are not being effective enough.  The reason its so hard for them to get rid of their knights is because they are too lazy or stupid to do anything at all. Ive had people tell me Im not good enough to be a knight because I cant make sentences but I can still keep up with them.  Why should I stop being lazy or stupid if Im not going to do any important things besides my job Youre saying you cant do anything because you are lazy but you still want to be a knight.  It makes no sense. Im not going to be a knight because I cant make sentences.   Im just saying that it makes no sense to me how you think that it makes no sense to me that it makes no sense to you to be a knight because you are not a knight.  Im not saying that it makes no sense to you that it makes no sense to me that it makes no sense to you to be a knight because you are not a knight. No Im saying that it makes no sense to you to be a knight because you are not a knight.  It makes no sense

It is a very old story but in fact when you look at the history of the world of hockey you will find that there are two main reasons why they did not like each other.   The USA never won a Cup.   The USA played in the World Cup for three years.   It was the most popular sport on earth.  So I have to say that I believe that the USA was the better team in this world and one of the best teams in the world.  I do believe that the USA was the better team because they were the better hockey team.  The Americans played in the World Cup for three years. And the USA never won a Cup.  The USA played in the World Cup for three years. And the USA never won a Cup.  This is true.  But what about the USA  They played in the World Cup for three years. And the USA never won a Cup.  What did the USA accomplish  Well they played in the World Cup for three years. And the USA never won a Cup.  And they didnt win a Cup.  But what happened  After the game some of the players came together and said that they wanted to go back to their hometown.  And they went back.  And they were happy that they had made it to the World Cup.  But what about the USA  The USA played in the World Cup for three years. And the USA never won a Cup.  And they didnt win a Cup.  But what happened  After the game some of the players came together and said that they wanted to go back to their hometown.  And they were happy that they had made it to the World Cup.  But what about the USA  The USA played in the World Cup for three years. And the USA never won a Cup.  And they didnt win a Cup.  But what happened  After the game some of the players came together and said that

Saturday Free Write  If you are a writer you know that writing is like playing chess. You have to be able to use the rules and the game will not be over until the end of the game. The game itself is very difficult but if you want to play it you will need to understand how to use them. For example you can write a story about a man who has become the most powerful person in the world. He has a wife a son a daughter a brother and a sister. Then he tries to find out what happened to his wife and the other person. He decides to kill his wife and he finds out that he was an idiot and decided to go on with his life. This is one of the best stories I have ever read.  The ending is really good too. I had never seen a story like this before. It is very emotional and I think that the characters are very real and they are very funny. They are also very strong.  This is my first book. I had been wanting to do this for a while now but there was no way that I could get it done in time. But after reading some reviews it looks like I am going to have to give it another try. I love the idea of having a story so I hope that this will make me more motivated to work harder on it  Sunday Free Write  If you are a writer you know that writing is like playing chess. You have to be able to use the rules and the game will not be over until the end of the game. The game itself is very difficult but if you want to play it you will need to understand how to use them. For example you can write a story about a man who has become the most powerful person in the world. He has a wife a son a daughter a brother and a sister. Then he tries to find out what happened to his wife and the other person. He decides to kill his wife and he finds out that he was an idiot and decided to go on with his life. This is one of the best

the best terrors of humanity what do you mean the terrors of the world. The best terrors of humanity the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors of the world the terrors

you wake up with a bong in your hand and your alien friend asks  How was it    How did it feel   What did you think   I thought you said  I had a bong in my hand   Thats what you thought   How did it feel   You woke up with a bong in your hand and your alien friend asked  How was it    How did it feel   You woke up with a bong in your hand and your alien friend asked  How was it    How did it feel   You woke up with a bong in your hand and your alien friend asked  How was it   How did it feel   You woke up with a bong in your hand and your alien friend asked  How was it   How did it feel   You woke up with a bong in your hand and your alien friend asked  How was it   How did it feel   You woke up with a bong in your hand and your alien friend asked  How was it    How did it feel   You woke up with a bong in your hand and your alien friend asked  How was it   How did it feel   You woke up with a bong in your hand and your alien friend asked  How was it   How did it feel   You woke up with a bong in your hand and your alien friend asked  How was it   How did it feel   You woke up with a bong in your hand and your alien friend asked  How was it    How did it feel   You woke up with a bong in your hand and your alien friend asked  How was it   How did it feel   You woke up with a bong in your hand and your alien friend asked 

inb What the hell happened to me What am I supposed to do Im not sure if there is any real reason for that. Its just a coincidence. You know it seems like the guy was just a dumb ass who didnt realize what he had done and went through the motions of being a stupid kid.   But yeah he definitely deserved the punishment. The only thing I can think of is that he probably thought he did something wrong. Maybe a lot of people will never get the full story because theyre too young to remember their actions. Yeah it is always good to be the person who gets punished. Yes but its also a good thing to be able to remember your actions and go on with your life.  My girlfriend and I are both about  and we dont really remember what we did or didnt do but when we were younger we didnt realize how bad things were until we were . We didnt really believe it at first but now we dont. We just think its funny that someone would think that way. Well I guess Im just glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.  And then again I was only about  years old so maybe its just a bit of an exaggeration to say that Ive been very good about remembering everything. 
Im sorry to hear that. I hope youre doing better now.
Thanks. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope youre doing better now.
Thanks. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.
Im sorry to hear that. I hope so too. Im glad I was the one to get away from my abusive dad.


. You are the one who murdered my son.  . I do not believe in killing people for no reason.  . The only reason I killed my son is because I believed in him and believed he would be ok.  . My son was not the best person but he was a good kid.  . I killed his family for no reason.  I do not believe in killing people for no reason.  Why I dont think anyone believes that they have a right to kill a child. I dont believe that they can kill someone without fear of reprisal. But I do believe in killing people for reasons other than the ones mentioned above. And if someone did commit a crime it doesnt matter what they were doing. I just dont believe that killing people for no reason is a good thing. Why do you believe in killing people for no reason Because the people I murdered were my friends. They had been friends since I was a kid.  So I decided to kill them for no reason. I wanted to make sure that I didnt take my chances with them. That way I could avoid the danger of being caught.  If there was an opportunity to get away with murder I would have done it. Youre trying to kill people because you believe in killing people  What do you want to do  Do you believe in killing people because they are evil  What do you want to do with your life  If there was an opportunity to get away with murder you wouldnt have done it.  Youre trying to kill people because you believe in killing people because they are evil  I believe in killing people because they are evil.  I believe in killing people because they are evil. Thats not the point of this post.  You said you should not have killed your son.  Im saying why shouldnt I have killed my son  Thats not how it works.  You are claiming that you believe in killing people for no reason.  Thats like saying I believe in killing people because they are evil.  Your argument has no

The teacher that made this mistake had to make a lot of effort in order to teach that lesson. The teacher was a teacher who taught that lesson. This teacher was a teacher who had no experience with kids.  The teacher who made this mistake had to make a lot of effort in order to teach that lesson.  This teacher was a teacher who had no experience with kids.  When I was  years old I learned to read write and speak English. I got to know peoples families very well by talking to them for hours at a time. My father was a retired teacher and I was also a very active member of the church family.  When I was  years old I learned to read write and speak English. I got to know peoples families very well by talking to them for hours at a time. my father was a retired teacher and I was also a very active member of the church family.  When I was  years old I learned to read write and speak English. I got to know peoples families very well by talking to them for hours at a time. my father was a retired teacher and I was also a very active member of the church family.  The most important lesson was always What if you had a kid who didnt know how to read Because you would never have children with a mother or father.  The most important lesson was always What if you had a kid who didnt know how to read Because you would never have children with a mother or father.  When we started school I did not learn how to read. We had to learn how to use the book but it wasnt hard at all. I got to know peoples families very well by talking to them for hours at a time. My father was a retired teacher and I was also a very active member of the church family.  We learned a lot about reading and writing. We learned how to write and speak English. We learned how to do things like play cards play cards and even a list of things that are not on the list.  When we started school I did not learn how to

a href httpwww.marchofkrauts.org  targetblank title The Great Terror of   The Great Terror of  a href httpwww.fussellandstaggle.com  targetblank title The Great Terror of   The Great Terror of  a href httpwww.gabenbuch.de  targetblank title The Great Terror of   The Great Terror of  a href httpwww.eos.net  targetblank title The Great Terror of   Eos.net  the largest source of information on the history of the worlds most dangerous terrorist group the Soviet Union httpwww.epa.orgdocumentsthegreatterrorof          I thought you might like this  a href httpwww.thedaynews.com  targetblank title The Great Terror of   The Great Terror of  a href httpwww.sansatakurasou.org  targetblank title The Great Terror of   Sansatakurasou  the most important site for the history of the worlds most dangerous terrorist group the Soviet Union httpwww.pipeworkage.orgarticle.htmlnid                                     

with a jury. Food Court is just a court where judges are on the court and jury is on the courtroom. The court has a judge and jury. But that is not the point. The point is that food courts are a real legal system. They do not have to be about legal. They have to be about fairness and justice. A court can be full of people who have been convicted acquitted or convicted of crimes. The judge and jury can be full of people who have been convicted acquitted or convicted of crimes. The judge and jury can be full of people who have been convicted acquitted or convicted of crimes. The judge and jury have a duty to ensure that justice prevails. It should be done in such a way that they can be impartial to each others cases and that they can act independently of one another. Justice can be done without prejudice. Justice can be done without prejudice. Justice can be done without prejudice. Justice can be done without prejudice. Justice can be done without prejudice. Justice can be done without prejudice. If you want to see how justice works go to the National Law Center website. You will find what the Center calls a Justice of the Peace. The Center has a lot of information including some good ones but it is hard to tell from the images. For example there are some good stories that show the justice system is very fair and that the courts are more than just a legal institution. There are some bad stories that show the justice system is not as fair as we think it is. Some of the stories also show the system is too strong for some people. There is a lot of evidence that shows the justice system is unfair. But the truth is that if the system was truly fair then it would have been different. That is why the court system has been so unfair. People who are concerned about fairness dont have the right to criticize the system. And the law has changed. There is no reason why the system needs to change. There are things that the law did not change. People who are concerned about fairness dont have the right to criticize the law. The law is only about fairness. The law

A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.  A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.  A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.  A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.  A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.  A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.  A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.  A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.  A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.  A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.  A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.  A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.  A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the point of view of a nature documentary.  A boy asks a girl out. Its high school. Its awkward. Narrate it from the

or god decides to take a new path. Then he has to go back and forth between the old one and the new one which is not good for the human race.  Thats why he wants to get rid of the old one.  You know how he keeps telling himself that he will be able to control his destiny He has no choice but to use it as an excuse to stay in power. He should have just kept going after the old one and put some kind of stop to it rather than trying to get rid of it. Thats a great point.  I dont think he could have had any other choice if he was running for president.  We need to make sure we are talking about the best president in history.  The old man is dead.  There is a lot of hope left in us. If you think this is a wise decision then you are delusional. Well there is a lot of hope left in us.  Im not going to give you my opinion on it because I have no idea what it means to be a successful person.  Its not that I dont want to die but its not like I have any idea how to live.  I still dont think he can live with himself anymore. 
 I still dont think he can live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all. I said that he cant live with himself anymore.   I still dont think he can live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all. I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all. I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all. I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all. I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all. I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all. I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all. I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all. I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all. I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all.  I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all.  I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all.  I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all.  I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all.  I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all.  I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all.  I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all.  I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all.  I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all.  I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all.  I said that he cant live with himself anymore.  Thats not what I said at all.  I said that he cant live with

ostensibly thats what freestyle is about.   hes not a rapper and it doesnt matter if hes an artist or not he still has a great voice.  his music is always good.  if hes just a meh rapper i dont really care about him at all.  his music is always good.  If I hear a freestyle rapping in my head I know its on my mind. Ive heard him talk a few times but never the full thing. He was an actual rapper when I first heard him.  The fact that he does freestyle is pretty impressive for a hip hop rapper. i think the point of the freestyle is to showcase his talent as a rapper.  hes never been a huge rapper so im not sure why people think this way.     i dont know why people think that hes a bad rapper.  hes actually one of the most talented rappers ive ever heard. Because hes got great vocal chops and a great verse. hes also not a rapper hes a freestyle artist.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

The fact that Im an experienced photographer I thought this was going to be the end of it. But I guess I will just keep doing it until I get better. you are not alone...  I am so sorry for your loss. Thank you so much. It is very sad and difficult. I have to say that I am in awe of my amazing photographer friend who taught me this beautiful art form of photography and also helped me to become a better photographer. Thank you for taking such good care of us. We are all in this together thats awesome. ive been wanting to do something like that myself for years but havent found the time or energy.   i feel bad for you and hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else.  i wish you luck and happy holidays with your friends  Thank you. I appreciate it. It means a lot. Im glad there is a good community out there to help people and share these things. I wish everyone would share this too. im glad youre getting well as well.  ive been through a lot of ups and downs in my life.  ive been through many many emotions.  its easy to forget that the pain is real and its very painful when youre not around to experience it.  ill be sure to take the time to read and share this.  thank you for your support and keep us posted. 
Thank you so much for your kind words. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this with everyone else. I hope you find someone who appreciates you enough to share this

I have always loved warriors art and Ive always loved the warrior who is the most effective yet the most dangerous. A warrior who kills all of his opponents with his weapon or his sword. A warrior who kills all of his opponents with his sword. A warrior who fights through time. A warrior who can defeat evil.  My favorite warrior was my grandfather and I grew up in a small village called Tarna near the city of Kalu. My father served as a cavalry officer in the old guard but he was a war criminal and had no respect for anyone. He used to beat up the people at his door and put them in jail. We lived there in the late s and he fought the French in . He had his own little army the Royal Guard and he fought in the Battle of Kalu. They won a battle against the enemy in Kalu and killed him before they could take the village. This was a huge victory for him as he had so many heroes that he had never seen before.  The most important warrior was my father who was the head of the old guard but he was also a great warrior. His men were able to fight in the trenches and they were able to break down the enemys defenses. Their strength was immense and they were able to cut down the enemys defences at any point. The biggest advantage of their strength was that they were able to do it without much trouble.  The most powerful warrior was my mother who was the head of the old guard. She was very strong and she fought valiantly in the battles against the French. She fought every day and she fought valiantly in battle. Her death was very painful for me. It was hard for her to bear and it was hard for me to bear when she died. I didnt know what to do about it but I did. I prayed to God that she would be resurrected and I prayed that she would be resurrected again. She was resurrected and then she died. It took me forever to find her. But I found her again and I

I was brought forward by freedom fighters Thats what I get for trying to justify my own actions.    The question I asked was did they ever consider that they were helping the enemy Well they didnt do anything wrong so it isnt your fault. But if the regime wanted to destroy you they wouldnt have done it because you were a free man. They could have just killed you or made you suffer as punishment. That doesnt answer my question. They never did and so it isnt their fault that I was brought forward when Im not even there.   And I dont think you understand how many of those people fought for the people that they were fighting for.   Im sure that some people feel that way too. But they have no idea what theyre doing. Ive been here before and there are many who still fight for their country. Then you havent been here long enough to know whats going on.  You have no idea whats happening and you dont care if it is or isnt going on. No I can see how people feel about this but I also understand why some people would be upset if it happened. 
I dont think you understand how many of those people fought for the people that they were fighting for.  Im sure that some people feel that way too. But they have no idea what theyre doing. Ive been here before and there are many who still fight for their country. Then you havent been here long enough to know whats going on. You have no idea whats happening and you dont care if it is or isnt going on. No I can see how people feel about this but I also understand why some people would be upset if it happened.
I dont think you understand how many of those people fought for the people that they were fighting for.  Im sure that some people feel that way too. But they have no idea what theyre doing. Ive been here before and there are many who still fight for their country. Then you havent been here long enough to know whats going on. You have no idea whats happening and you dont care if it is or isnt going on. No I can see how people feel about this but I also understand why some people would be upset if it happened.
I dont think you understand how many of those people fought for the people that they were fighting for.  Im sure that some people feel that way too. But they have no idea what theyre doing. Ive been here before and there are many who still fight for their country. Then you havent been here long enough to know whats going on. You have no idea whats happening and you dont care if it is or isnt going on. No I can see how people feel about this but I also understand why some people would be upset if it happened.
I dont think you understand how many of those people fought for the people that they were fighting for.  Im sure that some people feel that way too. But they have no idea what theyre doing. Ive been here before and there are many who still fight for their country. Then you havent been here long enough to know whats going on. You have no idea whats happening and you dont care if it is or isnt going on. No I can see how people feel about this but I also understand why some people would be upset if it happened.
I dont think you understand

a If I were to die in front of everyone what would happen  b I wouldnt die. If I died Id be dead.  c But I cant die because Im not alive. I wont die because my life isnt worth living for. This is what I like about writing short stories. The first sentence says If I was to die what would happen But its actually pretty clear that its something completely different from what you think it is and that your idea of death is far more likely to be true. It doesnt say if its possible but its definitely possible if its really possible. Thanks for this I really appreciate it I know that its possible but I just dont have a great grasp on how to put it into words. Ive been thinking about writing a story for years now about the fact that I have no idea what it means why it means nothing etc.. I just want to understand why people feel the way they do. Thank you so much for your help. There are many ways to write. Some of them are simple some require a lot of work. For example I could write an essay about how a person should live their lives and how their death will affect them. Or I could write a short story about the impact a family member or friend has on your life. Thank you for the advice Ill try to figure out a way to put the whole thing together.

Harry mumbled Slytherin... Im not Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled Slytherin...  Harry mumbled 

to clarify I mean you cant just delete an object. You have to do it in the application the application is called Mashup on Windows.  This is why I use mashup for my applications. Thats why I dont know if they support it anymore. Im not sure but I think it might be because of the way the application works. If you dont see it then its because the mouse pointer moves over your field of vision.  Im not sure but I think it might be because of the way the application works. If you dont see it then its because the mouse pointer moves over your field of vision.  Well Im guessing that means that it doesnt work on Windows.  It does work on Windows and I have never used it on Mac. But there are other applications that are quite similar like Firefox Chrome etc. I dont remember what theyre called though. There are a few but all of them are pretty much identical in most cases.  Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same. I think you need to uninstall the application. I did and Ive tried it again. It doesnt work either. 

Im guessing that means that it doesnt work on Windows.  It does work on Windows and I have never used it on Mac. But there are other applications that are quite similar like Firefox Chrome etc. I dont remember what theyre called though. There are a few but all of them are pretty much identical in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on both and theyre not exactly the same in most cases. Just try them. They do look similar on Linux. Ive tried it on

