Dieter DiCaprio wins an Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul Blart. DiCaprio takes the Oscar for starring in Paul

END OF EDIT Sorry for any mistakes or grammatical errors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

ock. The man stepped from the shadows of the throne room and stepped into the light. A large man in a black suit stepped out of the shadows. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped out of the shadows and walked to the throne. He wore a large leather jacket and had a large set of long black hair. The man stepped

Came up with it a few weeks ago and I ve been experimenting with it. It s really cool. It s actually a very easy to use circle. Just a few simple lines and it s like a magical ball. But it s not like you need to be a magician to use it. I m pretty sure it s a good idea. I mean I d just have to do a little math. I mean I do nt have to be a magician. I mean I have to be creative. That s why I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician I just do what I need to do. I mean I do nt have to be a magician I just have to be creative. I mean I have to be creative. I mean I do nt have to be a magician. I mean I do nt have to be a magician. I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician. I just have to be creative. I mean I do nt have to be a magician. I just have to be creative. I mean I do nt have to be a magician. I just have to be creative. I mean I do nt have to be a magician. I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician. I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician. I just have to be creative. I mean I have to be creative. I mean I do nt have to be a magician. I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician. I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician. I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician. I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician. I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician. I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician. I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician. I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician. I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician. I m a math teacher. I m not trying to be a magician

The battle was a bloody mess. The enemy had been fighting with their plasma rifles the entire time but it was getting more and more difficult to get the plasma rifles firing at them. One of the enemy s plasma rifles was the last thing I could see before it was blown off. The enemy had a plasma rifle on them. I was nt sure what to do. I did nt know how to react. I had a lot of options but I had to act quickly. I had to get them to the enemy. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I was so confused. I did nt know what to do. I had to act fast. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the way before the plasma rifles started firing again. I had to get them out of the

They ve got to be the dumbest thing to happen to a dog. The dog is a dog. You know what I mean. But they re not dumb. They re smart. They re smarter than us. They re not dumb. They re not smart enough to figure out what s going on. They re not smart enough to see the big picture. They re not smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s happening. They re smart enough to figure out what s

What the hell is wrong with you Is this a joke I asked as I was walking into my house. He shrugged. He was a little old for his age. He was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. Hey man. How s it going I asked. You ve been eating a lot of that shit. He said. Yeah. I said. I really do nt know. I said. What s your name I asked. He shrugged again. I m Dave. He said. I said. He looked at me. Dave was a pretty average guy. He was nt the type of guy to have a lot of friends. He was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. He was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. He was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. He was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. He was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. He was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. He was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. He was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies. I was nt the type of guy to be taking selfies

I sighed as I looked up at the bright blue moon. I looked down at my phone and saw my Reddit account was gone. My Reddit account had been bought by reddit for a million dollars. I had to pay the moon price and then go to the moon. I could nt believe it. I looked back at my reddit account and it was gone. I was going to have to pay the moon price. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was gone. I looked back up at my phone again and it was

I m sorry I ve got a bad case of precognition. I said to myself. I had been working in the office for about three months now and I had been working on my job for the past three months. I did nt have any friends and I was nt really that good at it either. I had always been an introverted person and I was the only one who could talk to anyone. It was nt until I got married that I got over it. I did nt have a family but I had a lot of friends. My parents were the best and they were the only people who knew me well. I never really had a family so I was nt really a good friend. My friends were always really nice and I could always tell when someone was being mean to me. I did nt really know what to say to them. I just knew I would nt be able to say anything. It s not like I had any friends either. My friends were always nice and they always seemed to know how to make sure I was okay. I did nt really have any friends either but I knew that they were all going to be okay. I did nt think much of it until I got married. My parents were really good to me and they were really nice to everyone. I was really happy with my life. I was a good person and I was happy that my parents were happy. I had a great job and a good home and I was happy. I could nt think of a better way to start my life than to have my parents happy. I guess I m a little bit a disappointment. I do nt know how I did it but I did. I did nt think much of it until I got married. My parents were really nice to me and they were really nice to everyone. I was really happy with my life. I did nt think much of it until I got married. My parents were really nice to me and they were really nice to everyone. I was really happy with my life. I did nt think much of it until I got married. My parents were really nice to me and they were really nice to everyone. I was really happy with my life. I



ocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisitocksthisiswhatisit

. I m sure you know that you ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the world. You ve never seen a time traveler from the early years of the

Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry if it is nt good enough.  Disclaimer I am not a writer so please do nt feel bad about it. I m sorry

A man in a red coat walked up to the podium and took a seat. His name was John Doe and he had a high school education. He had a bachelor s degree in physics. He was a mechanic. John Doe was a year old man with a high school education. He was a mechanic. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat smiled. John Doe said. John Doe said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. John Doe said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said. John Doe said. The man in red coat said.

you turn on the stove and check your kitchen and kitchen appliances to see if there are any issues. You check your microwave and microwave and see that you have a microwave oven and a stove top and that s when you notice that you have a frying pan with a number on it. You turn it on and try the frying pan buzzes and text reads to Level. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn it off and try the microwave and microwave and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven on and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn it off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven on and try the microwave and microwave and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven off and try the stove top and see that the number has changed. You turn the oven

I looked at the corpse of my old friend. He was the one who had taken me and had been with me since we were kids. He had never left my side. I had always been a scared boy and he had always been the only one who had ever been there for me. He had always been there for me when I was going through the worst of my life. When I was younger he had been there when I was feeling down. When I was younger he had been there when I was in trouble. When I was young he had been there when I was in love. He had always been there when I was lonely. When I was older he had been there when I was lonely. He had always been there when I was lonely. I sat down in the chair next to him and he sat beside me. He was holding my hand. I was holding his. I felt a tear roll down my cheek. He was gone. I stood up and walked over to him and hugged him. I could feel the tears in his eyes. I looked around the room and saw my old friend. I looked at him. I was so happy.                         Edit Grammar and stuff. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Grammar and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff. Edit Spelling and stuff

... and you think I can just replace you I shouted. The man was a tall man with a thin mustache. His face was obscured by a dark blue hoodie but his eyes were deep and blue. He wore a dark brown sweater with a black hat and a dark colored jacket. He wore sunglasses. I do nt understand he said. I... I do nt understand. I said. He looked up at me. He had a smile on his face. You know I can. He said. I do nt understand. I said. He smiled again. I... I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. I said. He smiled again. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. I said. I do nt understand. He said. I do nt understand. I said. I

Today is the day I will finally find out why I have never felt more at ease in my life. I have just been on my way to the bar when I met a stranger and that s when I met him. I was sitting in a bar when I met him. We were sitting there talking about his life and his family. I think it was the only thing we had in common. I guess that s why I met him. He was a handsome guy. I did nt know how he did it but I did. He was just a guy. We talked for a while and then he walked over to me and sat down in front of me. I thought I was going to have to wait a while but I got up and walked over to him. He was a good looking guy. He wore a blue shirt and khaki pants. He had a beard and a beard was tied back in a ponytail. I was going to ask him what he was doing in the bar but I was too shocked to ask him. I was just getting ready to leave when he walked up to me. He was a pretty young girl. I thought I was going to have to wait a while but I got up and walked to him. He was a handsome guy. He wore a blue shirt and khaki pants. He had a beard and a beard was tied back in a ponytail. I was going to ask him what he was doing in the bar but I was too shocked to ask him. I was just getting ready to leave but he walked up to me. He was a pretty young girl. I thought I was going to have to wait a while but I got up and walked to him. He was a pretty young girl. I thought I was going to have to wait a while but I got up and walked to him. He was a pretty young girl. I thought I was going to have to wait a while but I got up and walked to him. He was a pretty young girl. I thought I was going to have to wait a while but I got up and walked to him. He was a pretty young girl. I thought I was going to have to wait a while but I got up and walked to him. He was a pretty

... It was one year later. I d seen it happen. I d been in the middle of a battle with my friend when he suddenly dropped the bomb. I d been hit in the gut. I d been fighting for over a year now. I d been a hero. I d saved my city. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. It was one year later. I d been in the middle of a battle with my friend when he suddenly dropped the bomb. I d been hit in the gut. I d been fighting for over a year now. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d been a hero. I d

If I wanted to I could have just said No. I could have said No. I could have said No. But I could nt. I was too afraid to say No. I m sorry. But I was nt. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so so sorry. I m so so so sorry. I m so so so sorry. I m so so so sorry. I m so so sorry. I m so so so sorry. I m so so so sorry. I m so so so sorry. I m so so so sorry. I m so so so sorry. I

YCW WP You are a student in a prestigious university. You are studying for your PhD. You are a genius. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You have always been there. You

... I m sorry. I do nt know what to say. My wife died a few months ago. My son is years old. I do nt know what I ll say. I have nt told him. He just wants me to say it. I ve never told anyone. I m just going to have to say it. I m not gon na be able to tell my son. I ve never told anyone. I m just going to have to say it. I m sorry. I do nt know what to say. My wife died a few months ago. My son is years old. I do nt know what I ll say. I m just going to have to say it. I ve never told anyone. I m just going to have to say it. I m not gon na be able to tell my son. I ve never told anyone. I m just going to have to say it. I m not gon na be able to tell my son. I ve never told anyone. I m just going to have to say it. I ve never told anyone. I m just going to have to say it. I m just going to have to say it. I m not gon na be able to tell my son. I ve never told anyone. I m just going to have to say it. I m not gon na be able to tell my son. I ve never told anyone. I m just going to have to say it. I m not gon na be able to tell my son. I ve never told anyone. I m just going to have to say it. I m just going to have to say it. I m not gon na be able to tell my son. I ve never told anyone. I m just going to have to say it. I m just going to have to say it. I m just going to have to say it. I m just going to have to say it. I m just going to have to say it. I m just going to have to say it. I m just going to have to say it. I m just

This is a story about how light can help you regain memory and regain consciousness. The light is a very important part of our life but it is not something you can easily forget. We must focus on the light and forget what it can do to make it remember us. This light is not just a good thing. It is a life force that allows us to live the life we want. The light can help us remember things. It can make us forget things. It can make us forget things. It makes us forget. It makes us forget. It makes us forget. It makes us forget. It makes us forget. It makes us forget. We must remember. We must remember. We must remember. We must remember. The light is the most important part of our life. It is a part of our life that allows us to live the life we want. The light is a very important part of our life. It is a part of our life that allows us to live the life we want. The light is the most important part of our life. It is a part of our life that allows us to live the life we want. The light is the most important part of our life. It is a part of our life that allows us to live the life we want. The light is the most important part of our life. It is a part of our life that allows us to live the life we want. The light is the most important part of our life. It is a part of our life that allows us to live the life we want. The light is the most important part of our life. It is a part of our life that allows us to live the life we want. The light is the most important part of our life. It is a part of our life that allows us to live the life we want. The light is the most important part of our life. It is a part of our life that allows us to live the life we want. The light is the most important part of our life. It is a part of our life that allows us to live the life we want. The

Anyway I think I ll finish this later. The man in front of me stood up from his desk and looked at me. I did nt like the look of him but I had to respect him. I had to respect him. He was nt a psychopath. He did nt need to be. He had been a soldier for years. He had been training and training and training. He had been trained in the art of war. He had been a soldier for years. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. I had to respect him. He was nt a psychopath. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. I looked at him. He was nt a psychopath. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. I smiled.              He was nt a psychopath. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art of war. He was trained in the art

It is a strange feeling to be the first human to be chosen for the human race. I was so excited that I let myself be drawn and my name was chosen. I thought I would be the first one to be chosen to save the humans but I was wrong. I was chosen by a lottery of the entire human race. I had a choice. I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have my family be killed by the aliens but I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have my family be killed by the aliens but I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have my family be killed by the aliens but I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have my family be killed by the aliens but I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have my family be killed by the aliens but I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have my family be killed by the aliens but I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have my family be killed by the aliens but I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have my family be killed by the aliens but I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have my family be killed by the aliens but I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have my family be killed by the aliens but I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have my family be killed by the aliens but I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have my family be killed by the aliens but I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have my family be killed by the aliens but I had to live with the guilt for the rest of my life. I could have

I ll tell you what I ll tell you. I m the biggest liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I m a liar. I



WHAT THE HELL IS THIS I yelled in the face of the stranger. What the hell is this guy doing here I asked. He just stared back at me. He had his hands on his face and was holding a phone in his hand. This is my cell he said in a voice that sounded like the voice of a man in a video game. What the hell are you doing here I yelled. I had my phone on me. I did nt want to be here. I have a cell in my body. He looked at me. What the hell is going on here I asked. He looked at the phone. What the hell are you doing here He said. I do nt know what I m doing here. He said. I do nt know what I m doing here. He said. I did nt know what to say. I do nt know what I m doing here. He said. I do nt know what I m doing here. He said. I do nt know what I m doing here. He said. I do nt know what I m doing here. I do nt know what I m doing here. I said. I do nt know what I m doing here. He said. I do nt know what I m doing here. I do nt know what I m doing here. He said. I do nt know what I m doing here. I do nt know what I m doing here. He said. I do nt know what I m doing here. I do nt know what I m doing here. He said. I do nt know what I m doing here. I do nt know what I m doing here. I do nt know what I m doing here. I do nt know what I m doing here. He said. I do nt know what I m doing here. I do nt know what I m doing here. I do nt know what I m doing here. I do nt know what I m doing here. I do nt know what I m

You look around and look at the trail. It s a bit out of place. The trees seem to have gotten used to the trees but the treetops seem to have gotten used to the light. You look up and see the forest floor. You see the trees and the treetops are all gone. The only thing standing out is the treetops. You think you have seen something. You re hiking in the woods when you hear a deafening shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and he whispers terrified one must have survived. You look around and look at the trail. It s a bit out of place. The trees seem to have gotten used to the trees but the treetops seem to have gotten used to the light. You look up and see the forest floor. You see the trees and the treetops are all gone. The only thing standing out is the treetops. You look up and see the forest floor. You see the treetops are all gone. The only thing standing out is the treetops. You look up and see the forest floor. You see the treetops are all gone. The only thing standing out is the treetops. You look down and see the treetops are all gone. The only thing standing out is the treetops. You look up and see the forest floor. You see the treetops are all gone. The only thing standing out is the treetops. You look down and see the treetops are all gone. The only thing standing out is the treetops. You look up and see the forest floor. You see the treetops are all gone. The only thing standing out is the treetops. You look up and see the forest floor. You see the treetops are all gone. The only thing standing out is the treetops. You look down and see the treetops are all gone. The only thing standing out is the treetops. You look up and see the forest floor. You see the treetops

... You know that feeling of dread that s the only thing that s reassuring about the feeling of being in a physical form. It s not that you feel it all at once or that it s hard to see. It s that you know that you re in a place where your surroundings are nt exactly what you imagined they would be. You ve always known you re in a place where you can be yourself and you ve always known that you can be anything. But you can never be yourself. You can be anything. And that s why we re here. The other reality is the fourth wall. That s where our world came into being. The fourth wall is where our minds came into being. And we re here to break it. But first we re going to show you how to break the fourth wall. First of all you re going to need to take off your glasses. They re not that big and they re just a bit too large. Secondly you re going to need to have a really thick and thick glasses. You re going to need to wear glasses with big glasses. And thirdly you re going to need to know what s inside your glasses. We re going to use a special technique that lets us know exactly where you re going to be in the universe. And finally you re going to need to know where you re going to end up. The fourth wall is where we are. You re going to be the fourth wall. And you re going to be the fourth wall. The fourth wall is the place where your mind comes into being. And you re going to be the fourth wall. And you re going to be the fourth wall. And the fourth wall is the place where we re going to end up. 

Finally a way to write. The first time I was born the world was different. Everything was different. I was not the same. My parents did not believe I was a boy or girl. They believed me that I was a boy. My mother did not believe me that I was a girl. She did not believe me that I was a boy. I was not a boy. My father believed me that I was a girl. He believed that I was a boy. My mother believed me that I was a girl. My father believed me that I was a girl. My mother believed me that I was a boy. My father believed me that I was a girl. My mother believed me that I was a girl. My father believed me that I was a boy. I was not a boy. My mother believed me that I was a girl. My father believed me that I was a girl. My mother believed me that I was a boy. My father believed me that I was a girl. My father believed me that I was a girl. My mother believed me that I was a boy. My father believed me that I was a girl. My mother believed me that I was a boy. My father believed me that I was a girl. My mother believed me that I was a boy. My father believed me that I was a girl. My mother believed me that I was a girl. My father believed me that I was a boy. My mother believed me that I was a girl. My father believed me that I was a boy. My mother believed me that I was a girl. My father believed me that I was a boy. My mother believed me that I was a girl. My father believed me that I was a girl. My mother believed me that I was a boy. My father believed me that I was a girl. My mother believed me that I was a boy. My father believed me that I was a girl. My mother believed me that I was a girl. My father believed me that I was a boy. My mother believed me that I was a girl. My father believed me that I was a boy. My mother believed me that I was a girl. My father believed me that I was a girl. My mother believed me

This is my first time writing in a prompt so please critique. Thanks for reading  Disclaimer I m not an expert and I m not sure what I should do with this story so any criticism is welcome. I m not sure how to go about it.  Disclaimer This is my first time writing in a prompt so please critique. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to go about it. I m not sure how to

You know what I mean. He looked down at the paper on his lap. The man was a man of many talents. He was a great painter a great inventor a great musician. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die. He was a man who was not afraid to die.

BEGIN LOG The root password for the universe is discovered. The world had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for years before the first sign of discovery. It had been a long time since any of the stars had been discovered. The universe had been a hive mind for

I m going to go ahead and say that I m going to go ahead and say that I m going to be going to say that I m going to be going to say that I m going to be going to say that I m going to be going to say that I m going to be going to say that I m going to say that I m going to be going to say that I m going to be going to say that I m going to be going to say that I m going to say that I m going to be going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m going to say that I m

You re a tank in an MMORPG dealing with the psychological trauma of being constantly revived from horrifically fatal wounds. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top with a tank top and a tank top with a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top with a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top with a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top with a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top. You re wearing a tank top and a tank top.

Thanks for the prompt I m a little drunk but I m trying to think of the right way to go with this one. I d like to think that the prompt was meant to be a bit more like a warning or a reminder of the possibility that I may actually end up as a suicidal person. It was just a simple story that had a happy ending. But I had to say that it was nt. It was nt a story that would be told or a story that would be told. It was nt a story that could be told and it certainly did nt have the heart to tell. It was a story that would be told and then I d be done. I was nt going to die. I was nt going to die. I was nt going to die. I just wanted to live. I did nt want to die. I just wanted to live. I could nt stop. I had to keep going. I could nt stop. I had to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. I had to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. I had to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. I had to keep going. I had to keep going. I could nt stop. I had to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. I had to keep going. I had to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. I had to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. I had to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. I had to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. I had to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. I had to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. I had to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. I had to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. It was nt enough to keep going. It was nt enough to

The Keymaster stood up from the bench in front of the door. He looked around the room and saw a woman on the other side. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was tall and lean with a broad shoulders and a broad smile. She was wearing a black trenchcoat and a red tie. She wore a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black trenchcoat and a red tie. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black dress and a pair of shoes. She was wearing a black

In the beginning there was only God. He was omnipotent omniscient and omnipresent. He was our God. He was our creator our God. The world was our God. But when the world was made there was no God. There was only God. But when the world was made there was no God. There was only God. But when the world was made there was no God. There was only God. Then the world was made and there was no God. There was only God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the world was made and there was no God. Then the

I had a great life. I was a good person. I lived a good life. I loved my wife and I. I had a good life. I had a great life. I had a great life. I had a good life. I had a great life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good life. I had a good

The fire in his eyes was so intense he could barely see. He was still in awe of the creature but now he was in awe of himself. He was in awe of his own power. He was so close to the creature now. He could see his own power and his own strength. He was now the god of the forest. His power was so strong he could take down the entire world. The creature roared in pain. He was now the god of the forest. He could see his power and his own strength. He was now the god of the forest. He was now the god of the forest. The creature laughed. He was now the god of the forest. He was now the god of the forest. He was now the god of the forest. The creature laughed again. He was now the god of the forest. He was now the god of the forest. The god of the forest. He was now the god of the forest. He was now the god of the forest. The god of the forest. He was now the god of the forest. The god of the forest. He was now the god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the forest. The god of the

A voice bellowed from behind me. I turned to see the hero standing at the foot of the bed. His eyes were wide and he was smiling. I could see the same smile that had been on his face when he first came to my apartment. He was nt even smiling. He was smiling at me. I looked around. I was nt sure what I was seeing. I looked at the man lying on the bed. He was nt smiling. I looked up at him. He was nt smiling. I looked down at my hands. I was nt smiling. I looked up at the man in front of me. I was nt smiling. I looked at the man in front of me. He was nt smiling. I looked up at him. He was nt smiling. I looked down at my hands. I was nt smiling. I looked up at the man in front of me. He was nt smiling. I looked down at my hands. I was nt smiling. I looked up at the man in front of me. He was nt smiling. I looked up at the man in front of me. He was nt smiling. I looked up at the man in front of me. He was nt smiling. I looked up at the man in front of me. He was nt smiling. I looked down at my hands. I was nt smiling. I looked up at the man in front of me. He was nt smiling. I looked down at my hands. I was nt smiling. I looked up at the man in front of me. He was nt smiling. I looked down at my hands. I was nt smiling. I looked up at the man in front of me. He was nt smiling. I looked up at the man in front of me. He was nt smiling. I looked up at the man in front of me. He was nt smiling. I looked down at my hands. I was nt smiling. I looked up at the man in front of me. He was nt smiling. I looked up at the man in front of me. He was nt smiling. I looked up at the man

I d say that I m still a bit surprised that this is a thing. I d say that it s a bit of a curse but I m sure it s what I need to hear. I ll admit I ve always been a bit of an idiot. I mean it s not like I have a choice. I can get back to my work and go home and do what I do but I ca nt. I m not a great person. I m not the smartest I do nt know what to do with myself. I m not the most clever. I m not even the best. I ve seen my fair share of bad things happen. I ve had to deal with it all. I ve had to deal with it all. I m not a bad person I m just not smart enough to be a good person. I can help people. I can make them better. I can fix them. I can make them live a better life. I can make them love me. I can make them feel like I m their friend. But I m not. I m a complete failure. And I know it. I m not smart enough to be a good person. I m not smart enough to be a good person. I m not smart enough to be a good person. I m a failure. I m not smart enough to be a good person. I m not smart enough to be a good person. I m not smart enough to be a good person. I m a failure. I m not smart enough to be a good person. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a failure. I m a

Thank you for reading this. I will write more tomorrow. I m in a pretty good mood right now. I ve been working on the song since I was and it s been years since I wrote. I ve been trying to get back into my life. I hope I get a good start on it. The song is by the Beatles. It s pretty catchy. I guess it s time for me to start up the song. The song is by the Beatles. It s kinda a mix of a lot of songs. It s a bit different from the other songs. I hope I can get some feedback from it. I ll write more tomorrow.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

They re not the same thing as you. That s what I m saying. I m not sure if it s the fact that I m the only one left. I was the only one left. Everyone else is just like me. I m the only one. I mean everyone else is just like me. No one is able to see me. I m just the only one. I m the only one. They call me the Unicorn. I m the only one. I m the only one. I do nt want to be the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only one. I m the only

Do nt worry it s not like you ve had any of the usual problems with the butterfly effect. The butterfly effect is very much a product of the evolution of the human body. We re still in the infancy of this process. It s still a relatively new area but the butterfly effect is a very powerful force. It s not as easy to manipulate as it used to be. But it s still a powerful force. Now it s a problem. Now it s a problem. We re going to have to start from the beginning. We re going to have to start from the beginning. It s a lot of work. We ve got to start from the beginning. It s a lot of work. We re going to have to start from the beginning. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of work. It s a lot of

The lights were dimmed as he entered the room. The dark side was a dull white with no light. His armor was worn down and covered in a dark material. The lightsaber was on his belt. He could see the saber and a number of other weapons on the table. The Jedi Knight had a large scar on his face. He was dressed in a suit and looked like a Jedi Knight. His eyes were blue and his hair was white. The Jedi Knight was wearing a black suit and a white tie. He was holding a large sword. He spoke to the Jedi Knight. Your Majesty the Jedi Knight said. My name is Darth Vader. I am your Highness the Emperor s Chancellor. He raised the sword to his head. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the master of the Force. He said. The Jedi Knight said. I am the master of the Sith. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight. He said. I am the Jedi Knight.

Edit This is my first time writing a story on this sub so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. I m at work and I m not sure how long it s going to take me to get to the office. I m a little freaked out because I do nt know who this guy is. But I m going to give it a shot. I m a little nervous but I know this guy. I know his name is David. David is a tall skinny man with a large brown coat and brown hair. He s also wearing a black trenchcoat and a black tie. I know that David is going to help me find my apartment. David is the man who works at the office. David has a large bag of money on him. David is going to pay me to help him find my apartment. I m not sure if David has any money but I m going to make sure that I do nt. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m going to find my apartment. I m

... And then... the Judge laughed. I was nt sure what to do. It was nt a laugh he d ever had. The judge turned to the jury. Well... what s your plea... The judge cleared his throat. I m sorry Mr. Hitler. But I ca nt do this. I m afraid I ca nt do this. He looked down at his hands. I m sorry I m sorry. I ca nt do this. I m sorry. I m sorry. I m sorry. The judge sighed. I m sorry I m sorry. I m sorry. The judge reached into his coat and pulled out a small file. It was a small file. A small file. A file. Hitler was reading it. He was reading the words aloud. He read the words he d read aloud. I m sorry I m sorry. He took out a pen and began writing. The judge sighed again. I m sorry I m sorry. I m sorry. He finished the sentence. Hitler read the words aloud. I m sorry I m sorry. Hitler read the words aloud. I m sorry I m sorry. I m sorry. I m sorry. He finished the sentence. Hitler read the words aloud. I m sorry I m sorry. The judge looked up at the judge. I m sorry I m sorry. I m sorry. He paused. Hitler looked down at his hands. I m sorry I m sorry. He finished the sentence. Hitler read the words aloud. I m sorry I m sorry. Hitler read the words aloud. I m sorry I m sorry. He read the words aloud. I m sorry I m sorry. Hitler read the words aloud. I m sorry I m sorry. He finished the sentence. The judge looked up at the judge. I m sorry I m sorry. I m sorry. He read the words aloud. I m sorry I m sorry. Hitler read the words aloud. I m sorry I m sorry. Hitler read the words aloud. I m sorry I m sorry. He read the words aloud. I m sorry I m sorry. The judge looked up at the judge. I m sorry I m sorry. He read the words aloud. I m sorry I m

what s going on I ve got a little trouble here. The man in black said as he walked into the room. He looked like he was in his mid s or early s. I have nt seen him in a very long time. He was dressed in a white suit and was wearing a black tie. He had a pair of sunglasses on and had a bright red hat on his head. He was nt a very tall man but he was a very handsome man. He had a tan and brown hair. He had a big smile on his face. He had a big mouth and his lips were red. He had a very thin jaw line. He had a nice smile and a big nose. He was wearing a very big black suit. It was a black tie and he had a big smile on his face. I ve got a little trouble here. I do nt know what to do. He said to the man in black. He reached for his phone and began to dial. Hello I m in the middle of a very bad situation. I was just wondering if you could come in and help me out. I ve got a little trouble. I need you to help me get out of here. I m sorry I did nt mean to offend you. He said as he hung up the phone. I m sorry to hear that. The man in black said as he hung up the phone. I m sorry. He said as he hung up the phone. He was looking at the phone. Hello Hello I m in the middle of a very bad situation. I was just wondering if you could help me out. I m sorry I did nt mean to offend you. I m sorry I did nt mean to offend you. I m sorry I did nt mean to offend you. He said as he hung up the phone. Hello I m in the middle of a very bad situation. I was just wondering if you could help me out. I m sorry I did nt mean to offend you. I m sorry I did nt mean to offend you. I m sorry I did nt mean to offend you. I m sorry I did nt mean to offend you. I m sorry I did nt

Listen to this. Kanye West and Taylor Swift are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye West is the debate moderator asking the questions. Kanye

You live in a world where people who are shadows show who they truly are at their core. Some shadows look like monsters others look like animals. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You live in a world where everyone who is no shadow looks like a monster. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person with no shadow. You re the only person in the world with no shadow. You re the only person with no shadow. You re the

Xavier the young adventurer was taken aback by the voice of his DM. He d always been a bit of a strange one. He had only been in this game for a couple of weeks and he knew a lot of the players were a bit of a bit of a dick to him. He did nt want to deal with a bunch of people who thought they had the right to play in a game. He was nt a great DM and this was nt going to be his first time in a game where he was nt in control of his character. He had been doing this for a while now. He d been trying to get the job done in the game and he d been frustrated. It was just not working. He d tried so hard to be an honest guy. He d been a bit of a coward. He was nt a good DM and he was nt going to start a fight with a bunch of people he did nt know. So Xavier decided to go for it. He picked up his axe and went to the town square. He walked in and saw a crowd of people. He did nt really think much of it though. The town was just empty. He walked up to the town hall and saw a man holding a sign. It said that this was his village. It was nt the town he d expected. He thought to himself. He walked in and saw a group of people. He saw the person who d signed the sign and smiled. He saw a lot of people in the crowd. He looked at the sign and saw that it said XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO XOXO X

The first step of our civilization is to conquer the land. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world and our civilization. But they were strong. They were quick. They knew the enemy. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable of. We have no idea what our ancestors did to make our world. But they were quick. They knew what we were capable

a voice yelled. The sound was coming from the landing craft. The crew was now in a frenzy. They had just landed on Mars. The space station was in orbit around the planet. It was in the middle of a desert. The sand was covered in a thick layer of dirt. The crew of the ISS looked around and saw a small rock that was sitting on a pile of sand. They looked at the rock and it was a small cube. The cube was made of a blue material. It was covered in a thick layer of dust. The crew of the ISS looked at the cube and it was a small cube. The cube was made of a blue material. It was covered in a thick layer of dust. The crew looked at the cube and it was a small cube. The cube was made of a blue material. It was covered in a thick layer of dust. The crew looked at the cube and it was a small cube. The cube was made of a blue material. It was covered in a thick layer of dust. The crew looked at the cube and it was a small cube. The cube was made of a blue material. It was covered in a thick layer of dust. The crew looked at the cube and it was a small cube. The cube was made of a blue material. It was covered in a thick layer of dust. The crew looked at the cube and it was a small cube. The cube was made of a blue material. It was made of a blue material. The crew looked at the cube and it was a small cube. The cube was made of a blue material. It was made of a blue material. The crew looked at the cube and it was a small cube. The cube was made of a blue material. It was made of a blue material. The crew looked at the cube and it was a small cube. The cube was made of a blue material. It was made of a blue material. The crew looked at the cube and it was a small cube. The cube was made of a blue material. It was made of a blue material. The crew looked at the cube and it was a small cube. The cube

The apparition was old and frail but it was the only thing that made him look like a man. It was nt his skin it was nt his hair it was nt his eyes. It was nt his face it was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face. It was nt his face

I ve been watching you from the window. I ve been watching you from the window. I ve been watching you from the window. It s been a while. I ve been watching you from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. I ve been watching you from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. I ve been watching you from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window. You ve been watching me from the window.

he said. The man with the glasses was a very tall man and had a very thin beard. His hands were in a band around his face and his head was covered with a thin white scarf. He had a small scar on his left cheek and he had a beard that was quite thin and looked very long. He was very thin and looked very old. I am Death. He said. His voice was deep and deep and he sounded very sad. I am Death. He said. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. The man with the glasses said. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very sad. He was very

The dragon s eyes narrowed in concentration as he spoke. You know I m not very good with names. I m a bit of a sucker for names. I have the dragon s eyes and the dragon s mouth but it s always the same. I m tired of explaining this dragon s name to you. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. I have the dragon s eyes and the dragon s mouth but it s always the same. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. You are nt even paying attention. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. I m tired of explaining dragon s name to you. You are nt even paying attention. You are nt even paying attention

What do you mean you have no roommate What do you mean you are not an evil closet monster I mean I m not a closet monster I m a closet monster What does that mean Well you are an evil closet monster. Well I suppose that means I m a closet monster. What is this about Well I mean I m an evil closet monster. What is this about Well I mean I m an evil closet monster. Well that s a very very long story. So what does that mean Well I mean you are an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet monster. Well then I m an evil closet

.... And then it happened. I woke up the next day and found myself in a hospital bed. I was so confused. I tried to calm myself down. I was scared. I tried to calm my nerves. But I could nt. I could nt trust anyone. I had no friends. I had no family. I had no friends at all. I had no family. I felt like I had been in a car accident. I had been hit by a car. I was nt sure if I was hurt. I did nt feel pain. I had no idea what was going on. I was just scared. I did nt know what to do. I had no friends. I felt like I was going to be dead. I was nt. I just could nt feel anything. I felt like I was going to be dead. I had no idea what was going on. I just could nt feel anything. I felt like I was going to be dead. I had no idea what was going on. I had no friends. I had no family. I felt like I had been hit by a car. I had no idea what was going on. I felt like I was going to be dead. I was nt. I just could nt feel anything. I felt like I was going to be dead. I had no friends. I felt like I was going to be dead. I had no family. I felt like I had been hit by a car. I had no idea what was going on. I felt like I was going to be dead. I had no friends. I felt like I was going to be dead. I was nt. I just could nt feel anything. I felt like I was going to be dead. I felt like I was going to be dead. I was nt. I just could nt feel anything. I felt like I was going to be dead. I was nt. I felt like I was going to be dead. I was nt. I just could nt feel anything. I felt like I was going to be dead. I was nt. I felt like I was going

To everyone else on the internet this was a little surreal. The first thing I noticed was the name tag on the side of the car. It was an older model so I thought it must have been some sort of gift from my parents. I thought about calling my mom and asking her to give me the car but she told me to keep it in the car until I got home. My mom was a big woman and she had a really big chest. She was a little taller than me and she had a really big mouth. I had a lot of questions about her but I just had to make sure she understood. I decided to take the car out to the park. It was the only place I could see the sun and I could tell the car was parked at the other side of the park. I parked and went inside and started to see a lot of people walking around. It was weird. The first person I saw was a little girl. She had a big smile on her face and was walking around in the park. I decided to ask her what was going on. She looked at me and smiled. I looked at her and said I think we re in the middle of a bad movie. I was pretty confused. I looked at her and said I think it s a good idea to tell her that I was nt scared. She looked at me and said Well I guess I ll see you around. I walked around the park and asked if I could go see my mom. She told me to go with her. I walked over to her and said Ok. I m going to see her tomorrow. I went to her house and asked if she was okay. She said yes. She looked at me and said She s fine. I started to tell her what was going on and she looked at me and said You do nt have to worry. You just need to tell her. She looked at me and said I ll see you around. I walked back to her house and said Ok. I m going to see her tomorrow. I walked around the house and asked her if she was okay. She looked at me and said I ll see you around. I went to her house and asked

... The other students were all standing around. They were nt sure what it was but they all knew it was nt a virus. They were nt sure what they were seeing. They were all looking at the same person. They all knew that the man who had been there before had been in a coma for some time. He had been in a coma for a time but the doctors had determined that he would be able to walk again. The doctors were nt sure what it was but they were nt sure what they were seeing. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They all knew that the man who had been there before had been in a coma for some time but the doctors had determined that he would be able to walk again. The doctors were nt sure what it was but they were nt sure what they were seeing. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were all looking at the same person. They were

This is my first time responding to a prompt. Criticism would be much appreciated.  Disclaimer I m not a religious man but this is what I was taught to do when I graduated. I used to be a simple man. I was an average guy. I had a job a wife and two kids. I was a good person. I had a family a job and a life. When I was younger I used to play ball. I used to have my friends and family play ball with me. But then they got older and I got bored. So I stopped playing. I started to study. I studied until I got bored and then I studied again. But I got bored. So I started to study again. And then I studied again. And then I studied again. And again. And again. And again. I finally started to get bored. So I started to study again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And again. And

What are you doing here This is a small dimension and I do nt want to make a big deal out of it. This is the place I call home. I do nt have much time in it. The man looked at me in a way that was like a child s staring into the face of a parent. I am not sure what he is trying to say. I am a minor diety. I am a god. I m a god. I said aloud. You re a god. A god. He said. I looked at him again. I am a god. I said. I m a god. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god. I said. I m a god.

I have a job to do. I ll do it. It s not that I do nt love you or anything but it s that I love you more. I love you more than anything in the world. And I m tired of it. I m tired of being the one to kill me. I m tired of the people I ve hurt. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of the people I ve hurt. I m tired of the people I ve hurt. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of the people I ve hurt. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m tired of being the one to blame. I m

I wish for a friend. He said. My eyes widened. My older self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My eyes widened. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. I said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a friend. He said. My younger self was nt a friend. He was a genie. I wished for a

You re the oldest inhabitant of Hell. Even the Devil does nt know how long you ve been here. Denizens of Hell usually expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone of pure evil but in truth you ve actually been a pretty chill dude. Denizens of Hell generally expect that the oldest sinner would be someone

This is a story I wrote years ago. I m not a writer and I m not a reader. I do nt have any idea how it happened. I just woke up. I was at the bathroom. I was naked. I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I looked in the mirror. I

YOU KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I know I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I know I KNOW I know I KNOW I know I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I know I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I know I know I know I know I KNOW I know I know I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW I know I know

What a joke. It s all the same. A joke. It s like the whole thing is a joke. A joke. It s not. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It s not funny. It

I ll be honest I did nt see the suicide coming. I thought it was a joke but I did nt expect that. I was on my way home from school when I saw the man hanging himself. I could nt believe my eyes. I was nt a stupid person. I was just a regular guy. I saw a stranger hanging himself and I did nt have the time to waste. I was too busy with my friends and family. The man was not hanging himself. He was hanging himself in the back of a bus. I do nt know how I got there. The bus had a big hole in the side. I had to make a quick exit so I got to the bus stop. I waited a few minutes and I heard the man screaming. I could nt hear him because he was screaming and crying. The man was holding a knife and I saw it. A knife. I looked at the man who was holding a knife. He had a knife in his hand. The knife was not a knife. I looked at the man who was holding the knife. He was holding a gun. I could nt think of anything else. I was a normal guy. I got out of the bus and walked to the man s side. He was holding the knife. I walked up to him and he was holding the gun. He was holding a knife. I saw the man who was holding the gun. He was holding a knife. I saw the man who was holding the knife. I saw the man who was holding the gun. I saw the man who was holding the knife. I saw the man who was holding the knife. I saw the man who was holding the gun. I saw the man who was holding the knife. I saw the man who was holding the gun. I saw the man who was holding the knife. I saw the man who was holding the knife. I saw the man who was holding the knife. I saw the man who was holding the knife. I saw the man who was holding the knife. I saw the man who was holding the knife. I saw the man

You know the drill. I do nt know why I did nt just go through with it. But I did. I did nt have a choice. I did nt have a choice. I just did. I have nt had a choice. Day I ve been doing this for weeks. I ve been writing this down trying to get to the point where I can actually write a story. Day I ve been doing this for weeks. I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing. Day I ve been writing

Xavier looked around him. He saw the faces of the eight champions on the map. He had to know that was nt a good idea. It was nt like he was going to find them. He had to be sure. Xavier knew that this was nt the best idea. He looked at the champion. He knew that he was nt the best at this. He could do better. Xavier could be a warrior. He could be a hero. He knew that the champion would be the best. He knew that they were nt the best. Xavier did nt know what he could do. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. He knew that it was nt the best. He knew that he was the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best. Xavier knew that the champion would be the best

EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word   EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word  EDIT Fixed a word

You know it s the best. You do nt need a lot of work you do nt have to work a lot of time. All you have to do is wait. You have to keep waiting for your mommy to get home and you have to wait for your dad to get home. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You have to wait. You

END OF LINE The dog is barking and I know this is nt the best time but it s going to be okay. We got a big dog in the house today. We took him to the vet and got him to the vet. He s really good. I have nt seen him like this before. He s a good dog. He s really happy and we re going to make this a good one. END OF LINE The dog is barking. I know this is nt the best time but it s going to be okay. We got a big dog in the house today. We took him to the vet and got him to the vet. He s really good. I have nt seen him like this before. He s a good dog. He s really happy and we re going to make this a good one. END OF LINE The dog is barking. I know this is nt the best time but it s going to be okay. We got a big dog in the house today. We took him to the vet and got him to the vet. He s really good. I have nt seen him like this before. He s a good dog. He s really happy and we re going to make this a good one. END OF LINE The dog is barking. I know this is nt the best time but it s going to be okay. We got a big dog in the house today. We took him to the vet and got him to the vet. He s really good. I have nt seen him like this before. He s a good dog. He s really happy and we re going to make this a good one. END OF LINE The dog is barking. I know this is nt the best time but it s going to be okay. We got a big dog in the house today. We took him to the vet and got him to the vet. He s really good. I have nt seen him like this before. He s a good dog. He s really happy and we re going to make this a good one. END OF LINE The dog is barking. I know this

It was a busy day at the office. Some of the other coworkers had just gotten home from their Christmas break and were just starting to make their way to the kitchen. A couple of them were busy preparing their last meal and some were already working on their Christmas dinner. Then came the kids. They were already a little bit older than most kids and were still in elementary school. One of them was already walking down the stairs to the kitchen and she was already trying to figure out where to find a cup of coffee. The other kids were already in their seats waiting for the bell to ring. The teacher s voice rang out and the kids all looked up in surprise. A few of the kids were still trying to figure out where to get their coffee and the teacher s voice had a slight tone of concern. The kids were already starting to get a little excited and were already making their way to the bathroom. The teacher s voice sounded a little like the one from the office but it was a little more pleasant. The kids all looked at each other and then back at the teacher who was still in her seat. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The kids all looked at the teacher and then back at the teacher. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The kids all looked at the teacher. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at the kids. The teacher was still looking at

The first time I saw one of those I was ecstatic. I d been trying to find a tattoo artist for years. I could nt find one that was nt crazy enough to be tattooed. I was nt sure if I was going to get it or not. It was nt a good feeling to find someone with a tattoo that matched your body. I was nt going to die with a tattoo that was nt crazy enough to be tattooed. I got to the first appointment. I sat in the waiting room and waited. A man in a suit entered and asked for a tattoo. I smiled and asked what it was. He replied that it was a tattoo on my chest. He smiled and said that I could get it back if I wanted it. The second appointment came and I was excited. I waited in the waiting room for the tattoo artist to finish. I looked at the tattoo and asked if it was my brother s. He said no. He looked at me and asked if it was my sister s. I smiled and asked if it was my brother s. He looked at me and asked if it was my sister s. I looked at him and asked if it was my sister s. I looked at him and asked if it was my brother s. I looked at him and asked if it was my sister s. He looked at me and asked if it was my brother s. I looked at him and asked if it was my sister s. I looked at him and asked if it was my brother s. He looked at me and asked if it was my sister s. I looked at him and asked if it was my brother s. I looked at him and asked if it was my sister s. I looked at him and asked if it was my brother s. He looked at me and asked if it was my sister s. I looked at him and asked if it was my brother s. I looked at him and asked if it was my sister s. I looked at him and asked if it was my brother s. I looked at him and asked if it was my sister s. He looked

I groaned and turned to the clock. It read am. That was when I noticed something was off. I could nt tell what it was but I could tell it was a clock. I checked the clock again and it was nt even. I tried to sit up but it was all I could do. I tried to shake my head but it did nt help. I could feel the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. I tried to call out but nothing came out. I tried to get up but my legs were nt working. I tried to move but my arms were nt working. I tried to walk but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to move but my arms were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to walk but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs were nt working. I tried to sit up but my legs

I m not even that old yet I guess I just turned on the TV at the age of. I was watching the news when I got a call from my friend. I m not sure if it was my parents or my mom but I knew something was wrong. My mom was saying that my birthday was nt coming up soon and that it was nt the day I turned. I was really confused. I do nt know why I was so nervous. I thought that I could nt possibly have a birthday that was nt this crazy and that it would be the day I was going to die. But I was wrong. I was nt going to die. I was going to die. My parents told me that my birthday was coming up soon and that I was nt going to be able to go to school and that I should go to a party. I was a little bit upset that they would nt tell me what I had to do but I just did what I was told. My parents told me that they would be there in a couple of hours and that they d pick me up in a couple of days. I got my friend to bring me to the party. My mom told me that I was going to have to wait a little bit longer than I was supposed to but I really wanted to see my friends. I was so excited that I just did nt want to be around my friends. I was so nervous that I did nt even have a seat in the back of the car. I got to my friends place and I was so excited to see them. I was so nervous that I just could nt shake it off. I was so nervous that I almost jumped out of my skin. My friends were so excited that they got up and left. My parents came back in a couple of hours and I got a hug from my parents. My mom was going to have to leave soon and I could nt wait to see them. I did nt want to be there when they left so I just stood there in my seat. I was so scared that I just stood there waiting for them to leave. When they finally came back in they had a huge hug

The dragon raised its head as if it was ready to strike. You know that you have to fight these men every day. Every day. But today is not a day to fight. The knight raised his head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon raised its head and looked at his opponent. The knight smiled. I m glad I do nt have to fight anymore. The dragon

Edit this is my first submission and I apologize for any errors. I was expecting more but I just could nt figure out how to format the prompt so I went with it.  EDIT I just finished the story. I ll edit it down to make it more concise. I m also working on it right now.  EDIT I m sorry if I m wrong but I m not sure if I can make it through the whole story.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it through it.  Edit this is my first story and I m not sure if I can make it

OBJECTION We re on a planet that has just discovered a new type of life. It s the only known life form. It s like a giant squid but it s a little more intelligent. It s a little more intelligent. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little more intelligent than us. It s a little more intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little more intelligent than us. It s a little more intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little more intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s a little less intelligent than us. It s

ookkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkf

what if after you die the alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asks What if after you die i wake up with a bong in my hand and

Xylophone in hand I step outside of the front door of the lab. The lab is silent. I glance at the clock. It s am. It s the last thing I remember. I open the door. I m in a white room. I do nt know what s going on. I m in a lab coat. I look around. A man in a yellow lab coat tells me that I have been sentenced to a lifetime of invisibility. I m confused. I look around the room again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I see no one. I m in a lab coat. I look around again. I

You really should not have killed your latest target. I think I m starting to regret this. You know what I mean. I m not about to do it again. I mean I m done. I m done. You know what I mean. I mean I m done. I m done. You know what I mean. I m done. You know what I mean. I m done. You know what I mean. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done. I m done

I m not sure what I expected to find. The first thing I saw was a dark and menacing figure in the corner of the room. I tried to get a good look but it was nt until I tried to get a better look that I noticed a black hooded figure sitting in the corner of the room. He was wearing a black hoodie and a dark jacket. He looked to be about five feet tall and about pounds of mass. His face was covered in black and his eyes were wide open. He had a deep dark blue eyes that shone like gold and had a thick jawline that made him look like a gorilla. His hair was black and grey and his skin was grey and cracked. He wore a black and white striped jacket with a black hoodie and black pants. He was sitting on a black couch with a black chair on the right side. The chair was occupied by a man who was wearing a black hoodie and a dark jacket. He had a deep dark blue eyes that shone like gold and had a thick jawline that made him look like a gorilla. His hair was black and grey and his eyes were wide open. He had a deep deep blue eyes that shone like gold and had a thick jawline that made him look like a gorilla. His skin was black and his eyes were wide open. He wore a black and white striped jacket with a black hoodie and a dark jacket. He was sitting on a black couch with a black chair on the right side. The chair was occupied by a man who was wearing a black hoodie and a dark jacket. He had a deep deep blue eyes that shone like gold and had a thick jawline that made him look like a gorilla. His skin was black and his eyes were wide open. He had a deep deep blue eyes that shone like gold and had a thick jawline that made him look like a gorilla. His hair was black and his eyes were wide open. He had a deep deep blue eyes that shone like gold and had a thick jawline that made him look like a gorilla. His skin was black and his eyes were wide open. He had a deep deep blue eyes that shone like gold and had a thick jaw

You know what I m going to do. You know what I m going to do. I m going to fight you. I m going to fight you. I m going to kill you. I m going to make you all happy. I m going to make you all proud. You ll be so proud. I m going to make you all happy. I m going to make you proud. You re so proud. I m going to make you proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re so proud. You re

I ve been here for years. I ve seen the most horrible things happen in my life. I ve been there for years. I ve seen the worst things. I ve seen the worst things. I ve been there for years. I ve seen the worst things. I ve been there for years. I ve been there for years. I ve been there for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years. I ve been here for years.

What a fucking mess. I do nt even know why I even bother to look. I ve always hated the school. I mean you could call it a school but it s really not that bad. It s just so boring. I ve never had a girlfriend and I ve never had a crush. I m always just a kid. And I m always alone. It s not like I m not going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I ve never had a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. It s not like I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. It s not like I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend. I m going to have a girlfriend

In the time it took to figure out the answer to the question of whether I was God or not and what I had done to deserve this I decided that I would be the next God and I would be given this job to be the next God. I took my seat and waited. The words that came out of my mouth were not the words of my creator. I knew I was in the wrong. I was the wrong. I was God and I was supposed to be the one to decide which God to use and which one to give. I had been the one who decided the fate of the universe and I had been the one who made the decision that I would not be the next God. I could not do it. I could not do it. The words of the other God came out of my mouth again and I knew that I was in the wrong. I was God and I was supposed to be the one to decide which God to use. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not do it. I could not

YC I do nt think I could manage this much. It was nt the first time I had done this but it was my first time doing it. My parents were worried. They had nt expected me to be able to do this. I was just a kid. I was only about years old. I was sitting in the cafeteria when I got hit. The doctor came in and told me that I was in a coma for a few months. He said I could nt hear my parents. I guess that s what happened when I was younger. I remember the first time I saw my parents. I was laying in the hospital bed. I was in a coma for a couple of months. I was nt able to hear my parents. I was nt able to talk. My parents were gone. I heard them talking but I could nt hear them. I did nt know what to do. I tried to talk to my parents but they were nt listening. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my parents but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening either. I tried to talk to my friends but they were nt listening

The room is pitch black. The only light is the fluorescent lamp overhead. A small table sits in the center of the room. The chairs are empty and the table is empty. The lamp is on and the light is coming through the window. The chair is comfortable but the chair is nt. There is a sound of a scratching on the wooden floor. The scratching continues. It s not a scratching. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues. The scratching continues

a few hours ago the battle began. The air was thick with smoke and the men stood still. The roar of the enemy was deafening. A few hours ago the enemy began. They were a sight to behold. They were fast their armored bodies covered in red blood. They had been through the most brutal battles the world had ever seen. But now they were victorious. The first volley had been fired and the enemy had no chance. The enemy was already upon them. The men stood still and watched as the enemy advanced. They had been taught that the best warriors are the ones with the most courage. The enemy had no chance. They had been taught that it was their duty to make their enemies kill them. But now they were to make their enemy kill them. They stood still and watched as the enemy began to advance. They had been taught that the best warriors are the ones with the most courage. But now they were to make their enemy kill them. They stood still and watched as the enemy advanced. They had been taught that the best warriors are the ones with the most courage. But now they were to make their enemy kill them. They stood still and watched as the enemy began to advance. They had been taught that it was their duty to make their enemies kill them. But now they were to make their enemy kill them. They stood still and watched as the enemy advanced. They had been taught that it was their duty to make their enemies kill them. But now they were to make their enemy kill them. They stood still and watched as the enemy began to advance. They had been taught that it was their duty to make their enemies kill them. But now they were to make their enemy kill them. They stood still and watched as the enemy began to advance. They had been taught that it was their duty to make their enemies kill them. But now they were to make their enemy kill them. They stood still and watched as the enemy began to advance. They had been taught that it was their duty to make their enemies kill them. But now they were to make their enemy kill them. They stood still and watched as the enemy began to advance. They had been taught that it was their duty to make their enemies kill them. But

As the world s most wanted criminal the dictator was already on the run. His plan was to assassinate the world leader by assassinating him. He had already killed several people and was planning to kill a few more. The plan was to get the dictator to do it and then to kill the leader and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to kill the dictator and then to

This is a story where the first sentence means something totally different than the last by the end of the story. That is all I can say. I will continue this later. I was just sitting on the park bench watching the birds fly around. I heard the birds chirping and my heart beat. I could hear the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and I heard the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds chirping. I heard the birds chirping and the birds ch



OOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW