In a fit of rage Leonardo DiCaprio fires up the Internet. The entire world watches as he shoots himself in the head. His life flashes before his eyes. He can not live with himself. He can not accept that he is now the villain. He starts to feel regret. He feels that he has been a bad actor. He is tired of this. He has become an overrated film star. He can no longer stand out from the rest. He must prove himself worthy. He will make it big. He must be a good actor. He will finally earn an Oscar. He starts to cry. He begins to laugh uncontrollably. It is not the first time. He has seen the crying and he is so happy. He can not wait for his next movie. He makes his way to the back room and opens the door. He sees the Oscar trophy lying around the room. The Oscars are held at the Los Angeles Convention Center. The crowd is cheering. He grabs the trophy and steps inside. The crowd is ecstatic. They are watching him win the Oscar. He walks into the stage. His face is covered in sweat. He looks at the award and smiles. He turns around. His face is a mixture of anger confusion and sadness. The crowd is silent. He turns to them and says We have won you are now the greatest actor alive. With a slight smile on his face he says I am so happy.  ive been a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become a bad actor. I have become

... I think you do nt need to tell me who is the author of this story. You re making a mockery of it. I m telling you you should read the book more thoroughly than that. You need to know why I m writing this story. It s just not right. I have nt got all day and I ll never get through this book. The author writes in the first person but the reader knows what heshe is doing. The book is about the two lovers getting married. The narrator has a very strong sense of character development and is also deeply aware of his own destiny. He does nt even try to convince the reader that he is the one. You re trying to make the reader feel bad for him. There are times when the narrator is nt so good at what he does. The author has no idea what he wants to accomplish. There are times when he is a little too excited and you re telling him he s doing something wrong. The narrator has a strong sense of humor and it s always fun to use this to your advantage. I ve had some fun with your descriptions. They were great. Thank you for sharing them. I loved them. And do nt worry about formatting. Your prose is really wellwritten. Thanks for writing them. This was great. I enjoyed reading it  ive been reading a lot of your stories and i really enjoyed writing them. I would love to see more of your work. I m looking forward to reading more of your stories.


ock. George R. R. Martin stammered. The man who was the heir to the throne and the only heir to the Stark family had just given a speech to the world about what he d done. He told the world that it was all thanks to him. A lifetime of work had brought him here now and it was his time. But he could nt help but feel a little guilty. It was almost like he had been there for the entire speech. He had taken out his hat and put on his robe. The whole thing made him feel better. He took off his gloves and put them on his hands. There was no use in taking off his gloves. His head hit the floor as he stepped away from the podium. He stared at the world for a moment before turning back to the stage. I ca nt believe you did this he said. You know we do nt have much time. What do you mean by that He looked around the room. He could see the people on the floor and saw everyone else walking away. He had to be the last person standing. He stood up and started walking towards the podium. He was nt sure if he should turn around or not. He reached the podium and grabbed the microphone. The crowd began to cheer. They were cheering wildly. He looked over the crowd and saw the faces of all of the leaders. They all turned their heads in approval. He walked forward and looked down at the crowd. I m sorry sir but you ve done nothing wrong. He raised his hand. I will make this up to you when I am finished. The crowd cheered again and he looked back at the podium. But sir you are nt. This is your job. He pointed to the audience. We have many names and many faces. We may not know you personally but we can all agree that you ve done nothing wrong. He stopped and looked at the audience. I do nt care about the name. He continued to look at the crowd. This is our job. The only way we can live with ourselves is if we take action. And I do nt want to be the one to say no. He turned to the crowd. You can tell me any number of things and we

ai nt nobody seen that before. ai nt nobody seen that. I told him. We re not gon na get into the history of the world. He looked at me with a blank look on his face and shook his head. A real magician would never have done it. I m a real magician not a fairy. A real magician does nt know how to make a circle. he said. But you can. you can create anything. he said. A real magician ca nt even make a real circle. I said. And what about this one The teacher asked. He said that it was made of fire. I laughed and pointed to another circle. He nodded. A real magician ca nt use fire. I said. You re kidding right I said. No real magician uses fire. He did nt laugh but he gave me a nod. I could nt believe my eyes. I had no idea what was happening. I felt my hand reach up to my face and see an old woman standing beside me. She turned to me and said I need your help. Her voice was soft and deep and the words were like ice on my lips. How do I help you I asked. She smiled. I m a real magician. she said. I looked around and saw her friends and family watching me intently. They all seemed shocked and confused. I tried to speak but the words came out as if they were stuck in my throat. Do nt worry about me. I ll figure something out. she said. It s okay I promise. Just remember I m your best friend and I love you. She ran off and I found myself staring at the small circle. I watched as the flames grew bigger and bigger. My hands moved along the edges of the circle. I pulled back and began to craft the circle. The flames grew brighter. I took a few steps and the circle grew larger. I placed it on the ground and felt the flame grow hotter and hotter until it burned the surface of my skin. I closed my eyes and waited for the flames to go down. I stared into the flames and watched them slowly grow bigger and bigger until they were nothing more than fire. The circle grew large and bright. As I

To the space marine my fellow comrades you have an allowance of one call home a day. The call comes from the sky and the sky is his for he can see it in the sky. It is nt often that a man receives a call from the sky but today s battle was particularly bad and his best friend died I do nt know how much longer I ll be able to live with myself. At this point I ve given up on calling the stars and am just going through life as a soldier. You re all so brave and dedicated to your cause. I do nt know why I m even here. My family has left me and I m not even sure if I still have any friends. Maybe there are others who want to go back to earth maybe they would like to help us to keep our name as a force of good fortune. But I ca nt. I know that I wo nt. I know that I wo nt be getting back to Earth for another couple of years. And then I ll die. So I will die alone. I will be alone. I will be alone and I will never be happy again.                          Edit Formatting and spelling

Comments are always welcome. Criticism is always welcome. Thanks for reading. I hope you enjoyed my story. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I hope you enjoyed my writing. I

You know that s what I told you to say earlier. You re going to have to get over that one. I do nt think you should just let me go. I m not letting you go. No you can t just leave me. Do nt say that. I do nt care. Just... just shut the dog up. Shut the dog up. What are you doing I m going to show you how to make a dog. I m gon na teach you to do it. I m gon na teach you to walk it. I m gon na teach you to tie it up. The dog is gon na be trained and then you ll be in the kitchen eating cake. I m gon na take the dog home. I m gon na give it a bath. I m gon na give it a bath. Then I m gon na put the dog down. The dog will still be around. It wo nt. You ll just have to find a way to talk to it. I ca nt afford to lose this one. The dog wo nt see me. If I had a choice I d pick him. But I do nt. I do nt know who you are or what you ve done with your life. I m sorry. I did nt mean anything by it. I love you. And then it was gone. I knew you were there. It was there. It was everywhere. It was everywhere. When it came back you knew. I knew it was there. I saw it. I knew you were there. I could see it. I was there. And I wanted to be there. You know what they say about dogs being alone. They re the most beautiful thing ever created. They re like a little family pet. They do nt need to be cared for. They do nt need to be fed. They do nt need to sleep. They do nt even need to eat. And they do nt even want to be cared for. They just want to be loved. I never thought you would be here. And that s when I realized what was wrong. You did nt deserve to live. You re the reason I ve never been able to love again. Because of

O.K.O. It s not that the power is nt amazing it s just that you ca nt use it to solve problems. The problem is that people do nt want to know what it is. I guess that s why the government put me here. They wanted me to figure out how to use it for good. I had never been the most skilled at anything but they had no other choice but to let me get it out there and try it. I have a very simple form of teleportation. My body is made of metal which makes it impossible for me to move through it so I can teleport between places with minimal effort. But I m also not the most intelligent. I ve been told that by the way it s only possible in a certain amount of time and that my superpower will be useless when I die. Well maybe that s what happens when I die. The more I think about it the more I realize how insignificant my power is. That s the thing though. I m not the best person. I did nt do anything special or great. I just went around doing what everyone else did. And then that s all that matters. You see I ve always been an average guy. My parents did nt like the idea of me being different from everyone else. In high school my teachers tried to make me talk about my powers but it was nt working. I did nt really understand them. It took some getting used to. Eventually I started thinking about my abilities. I could teleport from place to place and change the temperature of the air. If I wanted to change temperature I could turn it down. I could turn it up to degrees. I could turn it up even higher. But when I got older I realized I could do something different. I could take on different forms. I could create a new shape. I could stop time. I could move time. I could change the temperature of the air. I could change it up to degrees. I could change it back down to degrees. So I decided to give my powers to others. I became a superhero. I have superpowers and people love them. I started writing a book about my powers and how I would change things. People started talking about it online

The old man had been in his basement for days with nothing but a small box of some kind. The box was nt much more than a cheap plastic toy that he d found in a box when he had moved out here. He d spent the night cleaning up the room and getting it back to its rightful place. He d started to notice a few things though like the fact that it was missing a large amount of batteries and that the box was made of some sort of metal. It seemed to be made of something that looked like it could easily fit in the pocket of a pantsuit. But it was made of the same material as the box and it was still quite strange to look at. It was made from an alloy that was heavier than the rest of the planet. It also had a lighter weight than the rest of the planet so that it might not have fallen into the wrong hands. The light weight made it appear that it was lighter than any other alloy. It was strange though because he had nt ever heard of it before. The old man looked around again to see if anyone was looking at him. No one else was around either. And then there was the moon. A small figure came into view. It was slightly taller than the old man and had a pale face that was covered by thick black hair. Its dark eyes were very wide and pointed and it was holding a torch that was shining brightly in the light. The old man took a moment to turn around. Who are you he asked. I am the moon. The old man turned around to face the moon again and it said hello. Hello I m sorry to interrupt your evening entertainment. I m just doing my job and you re about to go home. The old man shook his head. Of course I m sorry to interrupt your evening entertainment. I just thought you might want to know why we got this moon. We got a lot of questions right now and I hope you ll get them soon. It sighed. The moon is the moon. The old man stared at the moon. It was the only thing that he knew. It was a giant object that he thought he knew. He tried to ignore it. It did nt matter anymore. It was too far away to even see

... and you re a total moron. I said as I stood up from my chair. I m going to be honest. The thing is. You do nt know the type of person who s always looking for an excuse to jump off a cliff. And you wo nt. It s a bit of an assumption that you can see things like that but you do nt. If you had your way it would have been obvious. But it s not. It s not even remotely accurate. I mean what kind of person could ever see their future self jumping off a cliff It s impossible. I could nt look at my future self knowing what was about to happen but I could nt see any of the things that I was about to do. I could nt see myself jumping off a cliff. I did nt really think about it at all. What do you say to that I said as I walked over to my phone. It s true. Your future self will never be able to tell you what you actually want to see or hear. That s why it s so important for people to know when they re ready to start thinking about it. I said. I m still not sure how to explain this to my parents. They ve been trying to convince me for years now. They ve tried to convince me to go out with them in order to get to know them better. I guess they ll just take advantage of me and try to make me feel like I m not being a complete idiot and I m not. They re probably right. But I m not. I ll never know. I ll never know if I ever wanted to be a part of something. I ll never know. I sighed. So what do you do Well I m not exactly a good guy either. I said. Well then. I ll tell you what. I m going to call you tomorrow morning and we ll be meeting up again. Okay. I said. My mother handed me my phone. Thanks mom. She said. She then turned on her phone and started texting me back. Hey Mom. I just want you to know. I replied. I love you. I love you too. She said. Yeah. She said. I said. It s

The Earth is the most beautiful thing I ve ever seen. It s a strange world. There are so many things that you have to learn to be aware of. You see the earth is the planet s sun. We are all born with it. Our ancestors were born with the Sun but we have always known that our sun was in fact the sun. The Sun is the planet s moon. This is what we call our home. We re all born on it and we are all born with it. We do nt know how long we can live without the Sun. If we did nt have the Sun we would nt be alive. But we do nt have the Sun because we are nothing but a shell. We are just animals. Animals like us. Animals like you. And you re not even close to the Sun. We can only live out our days in the dark. When the sun is gone you wo nt be able to see much of anything. The Earth is not full of life. So we must go back into the void. We must leave the Earth. We must never return again. We must leave the Earth and never touch it again. We have to be careful about who we let into the star. If we let them in the sun will become something more. We must let them in. If they stay in the star they will become something more. They must be something greater than us. We must try. We must try. We must try. 

YC What is this a mirror It s a mirror. I said trying to sound calm. The mirror said you could see your reflection in it. You can see yourself but you can also see your future soulmate. I was starting to get nervous. My heart skipped a beat as I looked into the mirror. I could nt see my reflection anymore. I knew that I could nt see my future soul mate. It was nt an easy thing to see. I was so scared that I went back to school. I did nt even know where I was going to go. I just knew that I was going to stay here with the mirror. My parents would be mad if they saw me going back to school. They would hate me for coming back here. I wanted to leave. Why did nt I want to leave What do I have to lose I did nt want to leave the mirror. I wanted to live forever. I needed to find someone. I need someone who could see me now. I just needed someone who could see me again. I felt bad for what happened to me. I had always thought that I would never see my future soul mate again. That my future soul mate would never see me again. But I was wrong. I was nt seeing myself. The mirror showed my future soul mate. I was nt my past self. I was my future soul mate. I was still a child. I could nt see my future soul mate. The mirror told me that I was a girl. I was nt the same person. I could nt see my future soul mate. The mirror told me that my future soul mate was a woman. She was beautiful. I could nt see my future soul mate. I was alone. The mirror told me that I was a man. I did nt feel like being a man. I was a woman. My future soul mate was a woman. The mirror told me that I was a man. I was nt the same person. I was a woman. The mirror told me that I was a man. I was nt the same person. I was a woman. The mirror told me that I was a man. I was nt the same

This was it. The moment of truth and clarity that would change the world forever. I d be the first man born to have a high school education. My family was poor and in dire need of money. They were told that I had no idea what they were talking about and that my parents would be happy to pay for a new car for me if I took out a loan. This did nt work out so well for them. My dad died when I was six. My mom left me at home after my mother died. She died in childbirth. My uncle passed away in his sleep one year after my birth. When he got older he went to live with us in the suburbs where there was no danger of being shot. He did nt know what happened to him. I m not sure why I thought he was safe. But then I met her. She was my sister and she was a beautiful girl. Her eyes were soft but beautiful. Her hair was a bright red and her smile was infectious. We talked all night long. Our favorite things to do were watch TV together and spend time in the yard watching the grass grow. We laughed all day and she would always make me laugh. That s how I knew she was nt afraid. We would go to bed together and she would come back to bed with me. It was a strange feeling but we bonded over it. We both loved each other and made love every night. It was a good life. We lived our lives happily and I was happy. Until I got a call from my sister asking for my help with something. Something I did nt even know I wanted to do. I started talking to her and she explained that she had a very important appointment. Her name was Ashley. And she was the one who had to leave us behind. And I needed to get it done. She called me in and told me to meet her at the hospital. I did nt want to go through this again. It was too late to turn back now. So I got up and walked to the front door. My dad came in with a large smile on his face. What s wrong with you babe I asked. You re not going to make it he said as he pulled out

Everyone has a reaper. It s the farther away it is the greater the effect on people. For those who do nt know it is the same thing as being able to hear your reaper and knowing that you will be dead in minutes. I ve never been one for a religion or spirituality. But the reapers are real. They are all around me and the more they creep up on me the more I want to die. I ve tried everything. I ve tried drugs and alcohol. I ve even tried sex. I m not an atheist but I try. And so I try and I try and I try. Eventually I ve got my revenge and I have a lot of it. I can feel my soul getting closer every second and every second. And every time I try to go back I feel my soul getting closer too. But I ca nt go back. My soul is dying. I just ca nt. So now that I ve had my revenge I try to go back. I try to see if I can get rid of it. But every time I try I can feel my soul getting closer too. I m losing faith. But I know it s only a matter of time before I m dead. I m going to die. And I m going to die because I failed. And I m going to die because I did nt. Because I failed. And now I have nothing left to lose. Nothing to gain. I m lost. I m going to die. I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to die. And I m going to

... but what if we did nt know about it Then what if we thought that we were just being told we had to go back in time to see what happened There was nt enough time to make up for the fact that there would be no way back to the present. The man s face lit up as he stared at the clock. A few minutes later he found himself on his knees beside the bed his mind racing. He could feel his heart rate slowing down. His eyes began to water. The man had done everything he could to get himself back to his original age but the only thing he had done was to think of his life before the events of his youth. In the meantime he would have to work hard to maintain his youth. It was nt going to be easy. He knew he had to keep pushing forward. He d have to focus on improving his life. His head began to race. He needed to figure out how to get back to his original age. He had to find a way to tell his friends how much he loved them. But he was nt ready. He had to get through this. He sat down in his bed and rubbed his eyes. The clock struck pm. The clock ticked to am. He took a deep breath and stretched his arms. He tried to push the weight off his body. But he could nt. He could nt move. He could nt. But then he saw her. She was looking at him with eyes filled with tears. Her hair was in the middle of her face and her face was full of sadness. She looked down on him with those sad eyes and said I love you. The girl who had been staring at him for so long turned away from him and walked away from the window. The world had changed. The sun had risen and the sky was now white. But not anymore. He did nt want to believe it. He was too excited about his future. His life was over. And he could finally do something he had never done before. He wanted to get back home. He wanted to go to college. He wanted to live in a city. He wanted to live in a family. The last thing he wanted to do was to forget who he

A faint voice came from inside the microwave. I turned my head to see a woman s voice. She had her arms wrapped around me and her face was smiling. Hey I called out as I went to reach for the egg. She grabbed it with both hands. What do you want I said. You have to be kidding me she said. There are a lot of eggs in that dish. I looked at her. I had nt seen her smile before. She smiled again. Oh right. Well what do you want to eat I asked. I got up and walked towards the fridge. I grabbed a large bowl of breakfast and a cup of coffee. I walked over to the window and took a deep breath. There were clouds outside and the sky was dark. The sky was grey and the sun was shining. I looked at my phone. It was AM. I sat down and waited for the sun to come up. I got up and went to the kitchen. I poured myself a glass of water. I turned on the stove. My wife was waiting for me. She kissed me on the forehead and then hugged me. I was so happy. I did nt want to leave her like this. I went back into my room and started to make breakfast. I made a small egg. I put it on the plate and ate it slowly. I went to bed feeling good. I awoke to the sound of sirens outside. I ran to the door. I locked the door behind me and walked to my room. I opened the door and there was a girl standing there. Her hair was in a messy bun and her face was covered in blood. She tried to pull away but I held her close. She had a gun in her hand. I m sorry. She whispered. I just wanted to help. My name is James. I said. She laughed. I know. How about we go to the park together She asked. We talked for hours. She told me about her family and her life. I told her how I had been working on my farm. She told me about her boyfriend and how she wanted to live in the city. We talked about everything. She told me about how she loved me and how she missed me. She told

The site of a disaster. That was what they all said about it. The site of an accident. A car accident. An explosion. An asteroid impact. They had no idea what happened to their planet. All they knew was that when the meteor came crashing down to Earth it wiped out everything on it. Everyone. Everything in the entire world. There was nothing left except for one thing. Everything else. Everything else. But then there were nt any more bodies. No more lifeforms. No more sentient animals. No more people. No more people. And now it was time to go. What would they do I was the only person left. I was going to be the last human. I did nt want them to know my name. I was going to be alone. My family. I was going to die. I did nt have much choice but to leave this place and find myself somewhere else. Maybe. Maybe not. Maybe I could just die here. Or maybe I can come back to my family and be with them again. Maybe I ll see them again. I guess I ll just have to wait until I get home. The last thing I remember is waking up in the hospital bed. I looked around the room and saw the same woman in front of me. She was smiling as she put on her mask. She had the same smile on her face as before. She did nt look a day over. Her eyes were wide with horror. Her mouth was agape as if someone had ripped out her teeth. I thought I would never see her again. But that s not how I felt. The next few days went by with me being surrounded by people who knew what had happened to me. People who were very close to me. They told me that I had lost my mind. They told me that I had died in a car crash. I guess they were right. I was dead. I was dead. I woke up in the hospital bed. I looked around the room. Nothing. I tried to talk to anyone else but no one spoke. I could feel a pressure on my heart. I tried to move my arms but they were useless. I could nt move my legs. I could nt even breathe

You think I can just replace you Yeah yeah I mean it s not like I have nt been in love with you for the last three years. But do nt you want to know why I am not happy with you She turned around and looked at me with her wide eyes. You re right I m not happy with you either but we both know you are. So... how did this happen It was a dream. I thought maybe I was dreaming I got up off the couch and walked over to her. I put my hand on her shoulder. What s wrong with you You look just like you used to. It s just that I ve been looking over your shoulder all day and I could nt tell you what to do. I was getting upset and she had me convinced. We talked for hours until I felt myself going numb. She looked at me again. This time she was staring right into my eyes. I could nt tell if she was telling the truth or not because I just could nt see the point in telling her. I reached out for her and grabbed her arm. She took me by the hand and pulled me back into the couch. I watched as she went down the stairs to the basement. My hands started shaking. The only thing I could think about was my life now. I looked at the blood on the floor and realized it was all my fault. I m sorry I said as I looked at her face. I m sorry you were nt there. I m sorry you hurt so bad that I just let you down. And I m sorry you never came back. You never even saw me. She smiled. You just had to let me go. And with that she disappeared from my life. I knew she would come back soon after. I never wanted to be alone again. 

The man stood at the front of the line in his crisp black suit and his dark hair swept back. He had long curly brown hair framed by a deep blue face. He wore a simple navy suit with a tie that hung around his neck. His clothes were of simple white linen with a large silver collar that was slightly off. A pair of black boots had been tucked into his coat pocket. A small bag sat on his shoulder which he had removed from his jacket. He took out a bottle of whiskey and began to pour the liquid into it. He seemed to be enjoying himself. As he poured the whiskey the man took another sip. His lips moved into a smile as he finished the last. I know you are just like your mother but we need to do something about that. The man looked down at his hands and smiled. Do nt worry I will. Do what you must for the people that are watching. The man reached into his jacket and pulled out a silver handgun. He pointed it at the man s head and shot him once in the chest. The man fell to the ground unconscious. The man walked to the back of the line and opened up the door. He got to his feet and started walking toward the center of the line. He stopped suddenly and turned towards the camera. It was a man dressed in a light green jacket and jeans. He was wearing a small gold watch on his wrist. He walked slowly through the crowd toward the microphone. This is a special moment for our nation. We have been fighting for years for freedom and equality and now we have come to the end of it. He paused. But this is not the end. We must rise up against the oppressors. We must stand up to the oppressors and fight against the oppressors. We must fight them and win this war. He reached into his jacket and pulled out a silver pistol and shot the man twice in the chest. The man lay in the ground unable to move. He stared at the camera for a few moments. He began to walk away. Then he stopped and turned around to look at the camera again. He grabbed a piece of paper from his pocket and handed it to the man. Thank you sir. He said. He turned around and left

you know what this is a bad idea. You re a good guy and I like you. But you could always use a little help. You could have saved them all and I m sure it would be better for us both if you did nt give up on me. You know that s not true. No I do nt think so. You should have killed him. You were the only person who would have done it but you did nt. You had a plan. You saw his face. You knew how to kill him. You just had to wait. You thought about it for a long time before finally deciding. The best thing that could have happened to you was that he d never come back. But it was a mistake. You can only see him when you re close. He ll come back. What kind of person is that. You ve been watching the news too long. And they ve got you. There are only two people in the world who can save you now. One of them is the most evil man alive. He has the power to destroy everything in his way. And he s the one who has the most power. You watch the news and the hero of the story wins. You get the hero s respect. Everyone knows that. Everyone. But everyone does nt want to believe that. Nobody wants to believe that. It s not true. How could he have survived. You hear stories of people who escaped the system. They say that they were sent to jail or maybe even executed. Or worse. They say that they were given an ultimatum. The day before their execution they had to make a decision. And they chose him. The hero is chosen. The villain is chosen. And he s the only one. He s the one who can save you. Because you re the only one who can save him. You can save him. 

... and I was going to go ahead with this one. It s not a great story but it s an interesting take on a scene. I ll probably skip the rest of it though I m not sure how much I care about that part. And if you re wondering where to start I have a couple of ideas. First it was a girl with a beautiful face in the distance. She had an expression of wonder and curiosity on her face. Then it was a boy looking up from his book and he saw the girl. He smiled and said to her Hey I know you re here because you re here for me. The girl shook her head and replied with a smile You know who I am right The girl nodded. And then she ran away. I did nt realize there was another girl around. I thought maybe she would be able to get a good look at me. I could have been a hero or something. But I never knew what kind of person the girl was. Maybe she just wanted to see me.                                                    Edit Grammar and spelling. I m on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. Edit Grammar and spelling. I m on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is the right prompt. I m also on mobile so I m not sure if this is

OEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOEOELETELLTURNYEARTHSHOPENICOMMENT I had to make a post for this prompt. The world was dark and cold. The world was full of people. They were the only people left in the world. And they were doing what they could to keep from dying. I am not sure how much time has passed but it is clear that things have stopped. Some are still alive. Others are dying but most are nt. I do nt know what is happening to me but there is no other way. I am afraid. I am scared. I want to say goodbye but I ca nt. I ca nt be with my friends anymore. I am so alone.                              Edit formatting        edit formatting Added a comma to the end of paragraph   Oddly enough I did nt expect to see such a bright sky. There was a slight breeze but I guess that s just the wind. It was clear from the angle I looked at it. I was looking at the stars. My eyes started to water but I quickly got them back. I was just happy to be out here. As I turned around I saw the city below me. It was beautiful. The buildings were old but the buildings were all built to last. As I walked I noticed an odd thing. The people were walking along the streets and I thought it was because of the sun. I walked closer and closer until I came across a man standing on a bench. He wore a simple black suit and a white shirt. His face was hidden by his white beard. He spoke Hello. How may I help you I asked. He shook his head. I m sorry he said. But we ve been over this. We can talk about anything but you can leave now. He shrugged. I m not going

What s that A baby voice asked. No child I said I am not going to go back to school. I looked at the little girl. She had a red eyes and blonde hair that was tied up in a bun. Her skin was pale and her eyes were green and blue. She did nt look human anymore but I could nt tell what they were. Do you remember what happened last night I asked. Her eyes grew wide and she let out a gasp. No child. She said. What happened last night It was nt a night of drinking. It was a night of a car crash. I got hit by a car. The little girl stopped moving her hands shaking as she tried to regain consciousness. I pulled my hand away from her mouth and looked around. The car was totaled. The young woman s eyes were blue and green and her lips were white and she spoke. I do nt know how long it took me to realize that she was nt a drug addict but I could feel her heart beating like a drum. We were both numb and she was in a coma. She died when I was eight. I was only eight when the drugs came into my system. She told me that she never had a dream before and I did nt believe her. I felt so powerless. I never knew what to do. I did nt think about it much. Then one day I woke up. I had to get out of bed and turn on the lights. The room was pitch black and I was nt sure if I was dreaming or not. I looked around and saw a man laying on the floor. He wore a suit and his tie was loose. He was dressed in a clean black coat and wore a white shirt. His hair was a mess and he was nt wearing a hat either. He had a small knife in his right hand and a pistol in his left. He was talking with me and I could see him talking through the thick fog. I looked around and saw that there was no one else in the room besides us. I looked down at the kid and I realized

The man sat on his stool his eyes fixed upon the screen of the projector. The lights flickered to life and he sat there for a moment watching the light fade. He looked around at the room. There were no windows just rows and rows of tables. The ceiling was white. He looked down at his feet and he realized that they had been stained red. His hands went up to his head. He looked back down at his legs and he noticed that his feet were not red at all. He sat there in silence. Then the lights flickered again and he noticed that the table in front of him was filled with books and papers. The man s face was flushed. He sat there for a minute. Then he saw it. The light faded and he looked at the floor. A chair was sitting on it. It was a young woman. She was wearing a white dress shirt and jeans and she had long blonde hair. Her hair was a bit tangled and her clothes were dirty. She had a thick jacket on. She sat in the chair and looked at the floor. She was looking at the ceiling and the ceiling above her. Then the light flickered again and she stared at the floor again. She got up and walked toward the door. She turned the knob. She opened the door and walked inside. The door was locked. The man stared at the ceiling for a second then shut the door behind her. She walked towards him and he stood up. He took off his jacket and put it on the ground and walked over to the window. He grabbed the glass case and pushed it open. He picked up the bookcase. Inside there was a box full of papers and a small stack of books. He looked at the top of the stack and he noticed that the pages were covered in dust. He took out his phone and dialed the number he heard in the background. He placed his phone into his pocket and pressed the call button. The call button blinked. The line went dead. He picked up the phone and dialed the number he heard in the background. He placed the phone back

The monster was a large one with long legs and a pointy nose. It had a sharp tail which it had turned to a pointed tail as if it were trying to chase something. A dark green creature stood up and ran towards it. It had a black eye and had been bitten on its head. I looked around me and saw the creature was completely alone. All of my friends and family were gone. My wife had been killed by the monster but she was still alive. My son was in a better condition. His mother was okay and he was able to get his doctorate. The monster turned around and walked away. I could nt tell what kind of disease it was but the symptoms were always there. When I got home from school I saw that the monster was gone. I went to the police and they did nt even take my kid. I cried for days afterwards. I tried to convince them that the monster was dead but they were all wrong. I told them that it was the government who made the monsters. They were so mad that they could nt stop it. They took my kid and left him here. I do nt know how I got back to school after that. I was always worried that I would never see my son again. I have no idea what happened to him when he came home. When he was old enough to play with me and play with me. I ve never seen him again. I m not sure what happened to him. My best friend is still alive and well but I do nt think he ll ever be. I just hope that the monster does nt come back. I hope that my children will never have to deal with this horrible disease. I hope that they will grow up without having to suffer like this. I hope that the monster will never have to eat me again. I hope that I wo nt have to live like this. I hope that I will never have to worry about getting caught again. I hope that the monster will never have to suffer like this. 

The alien s eyes lit up. It was so rare that humans had chosen such an odd choice they were just as surprised as the rest of us when we decided to make this choice. The aliens were not too impressed with our luck. They took great interest in us though so it was nt long before they gave in. I suppose it was a bit of a shock when they asked if we d like to join them but I do nt think so. We ve got enough food here. They d rather keep their mouths shut than give us anything at all. They did nt take kindly to the fact that we were being selected though so it was understandable. I mean it was a bit of a shock but we were being chosen anyways right And who s the best human You can be a god. A deity or some such. But I do nt know. The alien looked down at me and grinned. He was almost sad but he knew what I would say. What do you want with me I asked. I ll tell you something. It s time for the trial. I m going to get out of here now. We re not going anywhere. This is my planet after all. I sighed and turned away from the alien. He stood there staring at me and for a moment I thought I saw him smile. I stared back and then I felt something inside me. Something that was... familiar. I m sorry I told you I had nt noticed. You re very very welcome. He nodded and I turned away. I d been told that I could nt leave without knowing everything about the universe. There was nothing I could do about that. It was nt until I heard a thud outside my door that I realized what I d done. The alien looked around frantically and then began talking again. So. What is it. You re going to kill everyone on this planet. Everyone. He stood up and put his hands on his hips. I m not sure what you re looking for. That s what you re looking for. I was shocked by what he said. I mean I m not entirely

I m a liar. The next lie is to make up some stupid story about how you came to be here and how you re going to die. I do nt know why but it s like that. I always knew that I was good at lying because I have no way of knowing if anyone else can tell me how or what I lie about. I just know they will. I was the first one to find out when I was five years old. I was walking home from school when I found this thing. It was the only thing in my neighborhood with a door on it. I looked at it for a moment but then I noticed it was still there. I walked inside and got out my phone. I put it back in my pocket and dialed a number. Hello My name is John I am here to help you. You need to get out of here now or we ll lose your house and the rest of your family. What do you want me to do I hung up and stared at the door. It was open and I could hear the car door opening. When I finally got out I tried to say something but I did nt really understand what I said. I figured I would just wait until they called someone and see if they could get me out of here. I decided to go back inside and call them. They told me that I was going to be fine until they called somebody else so I went back outside and waited. There was nt a lot of time left. I opened the door and it opened again. I took the phone out and dialed a number. Hello John I am here to assist you. You need to get out of here now or we ll lose your house and the rest of your family. What do you want me to do I asked. John laughed and answered. He seemed to be quite amused. I was going to get out of here. That s all I needed to hear. I hung up and went into the kitchen to put away the dishes. I saw John coming around the corner and he was holding his head. John you do nt need to worry



I ve always been fascinated with the idea of immortality. I was born and raised on a farm. My parents had a farm where my grandparents lived. That farm was an old one but it still has the same beautiful white walls and the same beautiful white ceilings. My grandmothers were very successful farmers who worked hard to make sure that their crops kept growing even after they passed away. But this farm was different. The farm was older than most houses on the outskirts of town and my grandparents were very wealthy. They were also very old. My parents were very rich and the farm was just a small shack with an old wooden fence. My grandparents lived on the land for many years before passing away. They were very proud of me and did nt want any more children. The farm was not the same as it used to be though. The farm was used to house people and animals. People would go into the barn and sit down on the grass and eat their food. My parents were very happy with me and they did nt want any more children. I was always curious about how they would live. When I was young I asked my parents if they wanted me to go into a factory or a research lab. They said yes. I would stay at home and play with dolls or paintballs or whatever I could find. Eventually I got older and they grew bored with me so they moved me in. There was a lot of excitement inside of me when I stayed in the farm. I played with dolls and painted and ran around with ballers and other toys. I was very excited to see what my grandparents were doing with my life. I could nt understand why my parents wanted me to stay at the farm anymore but they made it happen. I went to school and did nt like the way I looked. I could nt stand the look of my parents. I thought about going to school and living my life but I decided against it. My parents did nt like me any more and they knew that. I felt a little better about it but they did nt want me to stay in the farm. It

In the distance I could see another man. He was wearing a white shirt and dark jeans with no boots. He had been hiking through the woods on his own for almost a week now. He seemed to be getting younger. Suddenly I heard a loud cracking sound coming from behind me. I turned around. It sounded like the crunch of gravel. I looked up at the man and his frightened face. His eyes were wide and he was trying to scream. I turned back to my guide. We were hiking in the woods and we had lost our footing. He was going to get us. We had not heard that sound in months. I ran up to him and grabbed his hand. He looked up at me. I do nt know what you re talking about. What is it He asked. I do nt know I replied. I do nt know... I am not sure. He said. But I m not sure I said. I know that you are not here to save us. I do nt think that s true. I said. He laughed. You re joking. He said. No I m serious. I m not serious. We ve been hiking for two weeks now. I can tell that you re joking. I do nt think so. The man smiled. Are you serious He asked. Yes. I said. My guide is a deafening deafening man. He s never been able to say more than a word before. He keeps saying that he knows what s best for us but does nt really care anymore. He looks at me. I look down at my guide. He has changed his tone from that of a doctor to one of a man. He wears glasses and has dark hair. I can see his eyes. He is staring at me. You ca nt hear anything. I do nt know how to describe it. I just do nt think it s possible. You re deafening. I whispered. I m sorry. He said. I ll come with you. I ll be there in minutes. He told me. Then I saw it again.

... What does this mean for us What does it mean for us What do we do now We have nt found a way to understand the concept of reality yet but we can feel that it s all part of a greater story. A greater story. What is this greater story I have no idea. It could be a novel or a movie. Or it could be something entirely different. But we will find out soon enough. The Fourth Wall has been breached. Our world has come into physical contact with previously fictitious realities. What happens next I ca nt explain it. How can we know if it s real When did we meet I m not sure. There are so many possibilities. But at the end of the day it s all just a story.                                                                                Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix

I hate the feeling of being alone. I hate how I feel every time I get home. My family is gone. I have no friends and my coworkers are all dead. It s so hard to live without someone you love. When I was a kid I would nt even say goodbye to my mommy. She was always there for me. The one thing that kept me going through the pain of living with her was that she loved me. I could nt believe it. I was in love. When she died I thought it was just an accident. I was wrong. I was nt. I never expected this. The pain of loss had me going for days on end. I tried to find the best way to express what I felt but I did nt know how. It had to be the same for everyone. I wanted to tell her how much I love her. I wanted to tell her how proud I was of her. But I knew that I would nt do that. Not until I saw her again. A few months after she passed I started to see her again. I remember walking around in my room and seeing her smile. She was so happy. I knew that I had lost her. I got up from the bed and went to the bathroom. I looked at her. I could nt bear to look at her face anymore. She had been in my life since the day she died. I could nt help myself. I took a deep breath and began to cry. I had nt seen her in years. That s when I noticed something about her. Her eyes were blue. She had long brown hair and a thick beard. She was wearing a white shirt. I thought she was probably working for some big company or something. I could nt stand it. I went out of my room and came back in. I sat down and stared at her. Her eyes were a bright red and her cheeks were flushed. She was crying. She looked sad too. I could nt take it anymore. I just wanted to tell her that everything was okay. To let her go. But she just laughed at me. She just stared at me like a child. I could nt handle it anymore. I called

It was at that moment that I realized how ridiculous it all was. The Emperor s family had been in the upper echelons of society for centuries. The empire was not unlike any other and was a member of the richest family in the world. It was not long before they were able to afford a new home and a new city. It wasn t until years after the empire began to fall that my father had finally agreed to buy the land from my mother. She would give birth to me. Her name is Queen Malvina. That was a momentous occasion but it was also one of the most important ones. We made good money but there were other means to make a living. My father s father was a strong man with a heart of gold. He had become so wealthy he became a household name and now it seemed he was getting his money s worth. My mother had always been generous with her money. We could pay off our debts we didn t have to work for what was due. It was easy to get rich when your parents had enough money to pay their mortgage. And my mother was no exception. She didn t care if she had more than her share. But it was the only way to keep a family together. I remember when she had first told me about her plan to start a family. I don t know why but when my mother told me I needed to move into a better house we were both ecstatic. We planned to start our own family and build a small town. When I was twelve my parents were very excited. We had a little boy named Max who wanted to be a doctor and we were going to start a family. I was very proud of him. When we started moving we met some people who worked here. I think I might have just met someone else. But I didn t want to leave my home so I stayed. For two years I stayed away from my friends and family. But I can see that now. The last few months had been hard on everyone. The old man s wife had gone mad. Her husband had lost his job and her son had started fighting. She even took her own life. The world was coming to an end. I don t think she ever really saw the point. But

The man stood at the podium. He was tall and lean with a dark hair and beard that he had on his face and had a look of worry on his face as if he did nt care about what people thought or what he would do. He wore a plain black suit and a white tie. He looked like he was going to die. That s when I saw him. The man. A man who stood before me in the crowd wearing a plain black suit and a white tie. His hair was combed back in a ponytail and his face was grimacing. He wore a plain black suit and a white tie. He looked like he was going to die. That s when I saw him. The man stood behind me. It was a beautiful Saturday afternoon in the city. I was walking down the street when I noticed something odd. As I turned around I saw a man standing at the podium. His hair was combed back in a ponytail and his face was grimacing. He wore a plain black suit and a white tie. He looked like he was going to die. That s when I saw him. The man stood behind me. It was a beautiful Saturday afternoon in the city. I was walking down the street when I noticed something odd. As I turned around I saw a man standing behind me. His hair was combed back in a ponytail and his face was grimacing. He wore a plain black suit and a white tie. He looked like he was going to die. That s when I saw him. The man. A man who stood before me in the crowd wearing a plain black suit and a white tie. His hair was combed back in a ponytail and his face was grimacing. He wore a plain black suit and a white tie. He looked like he was going to die. That s when I saw him. The man. A man who stood before me in the crowd wearing a plain black suit and a white tie. His hair was combed back in a ponytail and his face was grimacing. He wore a plain black suit and a white tie. He looked like he was going to die. That s when I saw him. The man. A man who stood before me in the

A crack in his chest. He took a deep breath and looked at the screen. This was it. This was the moment. His life would be saved forever. A moment of bliss. That s what he called it. The moment when he could finally go back to the world he had been living in. He felt a small warmth inside him. A feeling that he had nt felt since he first started writing. There was something about the feeling that he had forgotten that he never even dreamed existed. And now it was here. It was all he had ever wanted to know. He clicked on the little button to close the computer. He stared at his screen. He had written out his password. And there was a key inside. He clicked on the key. He opened the file and typed in the name of the universe. In a flash the message popped up. All was well. He had won. The universe had been created. The key was locked. He closed the folder and walked into the room. The room was dark. The only light came from the computer. The door was locked. He walked down the hallway. He reached for the key but stopped short. He did nt want to open the door. He just wanted to see what was inside. And he did nt want to see anything. But he could nt open the door. He stood on the floor in front of the computer. He knew it was locked. And he knew that if he did nt open it he would die. He turned the computer off and went to the wall. He sat down. He sat there and waited. He watched as his world slowly crumbled around him. But he was nt going to die. He was going to get home. He slowly turned his head to look at his computer. He saw the message. It said. There were no keys. The only way to unlock the door was to click it. But he knew that it was not possible. He clicked the button and the world exploded around him. He watched as his world became nothing more than a pile of dust. He watched as he grew older and older until his body began to fail. He watched as he realized he was no longer the same man he once was

In the beginning there were only two people in the world. A man and a woman both young and beautiful. They had the same face the same hair the same eyes the same nose the same nose. The only difference was that they were both completely different from one another. One day the man found out his true identity and he became a great scientist. He was so excited that he left his house to go explore the world. He went to a new city a city filled with people and things that could not be described as magic. As he went to work he noticed that the people that he worked with were just ordinary people. But the people who worked for him did nt have anything special about them. They were just average people. They did nt think about their future or what they would do. They were just normal people who worked hard. The man then decided to try to become the greatest scientist in history. He began experimenting on the body. His experiments were a success. He was able to create something that was very similar to the human brain. He used it to make himself very strong. He was also able to make many objects that made him stronger. So when he realized that he could create a person that could never exist he started a revolution against the world. He started a war against the world. He tried to take control of the world but the world stopped responding to him. He wanted to change the world but the world refused to accept him. He killed his friends and family and took over the world. He tried to fight back but all he got was the people who he hurt. He tried to take control but the world refused to accept him. He wanted to leave the world but the world refused to accept him. So he took control of the world and took control of the world. He created humans. He created them from the human brain. He was able to create them. But he could nt make them any smarter than the others. He was a little bit surprised by this but he was nt worried because he knew that he could do much more than them. He was able to turn his body into the power source that powered everything around him. But he still had some problems. It was nt long before he discovered that his

your character s name is John. he said. He was wearing a tank top and a grey tank top. His clothes were very plain but he had a long black beard that fell down to his knees. He looked like a regular guy. But his face was not as plain. It was dark brown. He wore a pair of goggles on top of his head and a small helmet underneath his helmet. I do nt think so... he said. The player character was an NPC in the game. And there was no way they would let him be revived. He took a look at his inventory and saw items that would make him feel alive again. He did nt want to be killed again. It was a pain in the ass. I ca nt kill you John. It s just that... I have to. he said. You re dead. He looked up and saw the player character who was wearing his helmet. Well I suppose it s true. he said. But it s not like you can get back up if you die. There is no way I can get back up... he said. The player character slowly turned around to face the player character. John could see the expression on his face as he looked into his own eyes. They were blank and empty. He did nt know what to say. Why did you bring me here You re such a horrible person John. Why would I bring you here I mean you re my friend right John said. I m not your friend. I m your enemy. I do nt care about that either. John sighed and wiped his hands on his jacket. He looked out the window and saw the stars. And he was laughing. He ran out of the room. A couple days later I got some new armor from my chest and I ll be going back in for a new one soon enough. But first I need to tell you something. John s voice was a deep nasaly voice. Well you see I m here to help you. I ve been waiting for you all these years. I m the only one who knows how you guys work. I ve been waiting for you. I m going to give you everything you ever wanted. But I do nt want to do this. I do

I m going to kill myself. I m going to die. I was scared at first but then I realized that I had no idea what was going on. I did nt know how to cope with the fact that I could never die and that was probably because my parents were nt around. But when I found out that I would never die and my life was hopeless I decided that it was time for me to end it. I went into my room and began to cry. My face was so red that I thought I had gotten a little bit drunk. As I watched the tears slide down my face I saw that the tears were dripping from my face. I closed my eyes and cried for as long as I could until finally the tears stopped. Then I opened them again. I m going to live.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

It was the end of the world. I was gone. I could nt be. No one else was. I had to find my own home. I knew it would take me forever but I would nt give up. So I did what any man or woman would do. I ran out the door and into the cold night air. I breathed deeply and began my slow walk towards the cave. It was a strange feeling. It was nt like any other day. My mind was racing. I looked down at my watch. It read pm. I walked slowly forward until I found myself standing in front of an old oak tree. The sun was shining through the trees. I saw a group of people walking up to me. They were all staring at me with curious eyes. I did nt know what to say so I just replied Yeah yeah. Well come on then. You re not going anywhere are you I tried to say but the words came out as a loud cry. I turned to face the group. They were all staring at me with interest. They were all looking at each other. All I wanted to do was run away but I could nt. I kept walking forward and I got closer to the tree. I looked up and saw a man sitting on top of it. He looked familiar. He smiled and said Hey you guys. Have a nice day. He stood there for a few seconds before he spoke again. Oh. What s your name. I m Keymaster. I stared at him. He shrugged his shoulders and shook his head. I never really thought I d ever meet you. He laughed and started laughing. I do nt think I ve ever met someone like you. I said. Then he stopped laughing. That s a good thing. I told him. He chuckled and said You re a real nice guy. But I do nt think I ve ever met anyone who actually wants to be a hero. He chuckled again. I ca nt believe you are. I thought I was going crazy. I started to laugh again. I thought I was doing something right. Then I remembered the time I helped that little girl down. She was crying. She looked up and saw her mother running up to her

... I m going to give you a shot. Just follow me through this. If you go ahead I will continue my story and if you do nt I will leave you to it. God looked down at the paper in his hand and sighed. This was his job. He had done enough work to see that he was not alone. He looked back up and smiled. This is what he said to himself as he started to walk away. As he turned around the angel s eyes widened in fear. What is this He asked. The angel gave a nervous laugh and said You re a liar. I can see that. But you did nt tell me this was real. There is no way this could be real. He said. The angel shook his head. I am here to tell you this truth. The angel looked at him and shook his head. It was not real. It was not real. I am God. He said. You are the most powerful being on earth. You have saved countless lives. You ve created many things. You ve lived your entire life with grace. You are my God. But why are you telling me this I ca nt believe it. He said. I am the creator of the universe. You are my God. The angel stared at him. So what happens now The angel asked. It does nt matter. The angel nodded. We are all dead. That is correct. The angel said. We can only die once. God shrugged. You are still alive but you have not been able to experience death for quite some time. You will experience the same fate as everyone else. You will be reincarnated and reborn again. You will be born again. But what happened to the angel God asked. It did nt matter. It did nt matter. The angel looked at him and shook his head. You were nt meant to be alive anymore. He said. The angel looked at him and nodded. You were supposed to be reborn when you were. But that is not possible. You will always be reborn. When you die there will be a new one who will inherit your body. One who will help you become what you have been meant to be. You will be like a child. You

a small chuckle escaped my lips as I looked down at the floor. My hand was shaking. I knew I d never be reborn again but this was nt going to happen. The words echoed in my head and I fell to my knees. I did nt know what else to do. I stood there for a few seconds looking around before standing up. I had no idea how long it took me to realize that I was floating. I could nt tell if I was in a dream or not but I felt like I was in a different body. I tried to stand up but all I could do was stare blankly at the floor. I stared for a while longer until I realized I was nt on the ground anymore. I began to move toward the door when I heard someone s voice. I turned around quickly to see who it was. It was my mom. She looked as pale as she ever had but she was wearing her black dress with a white hat and her red dress was missing. Her hair was tangled and messy and her eyes were as brown as the snow. Her eyes were as blue as they always were and her face was covered in makeup that seemed to make her look more beautiful than she actually was. She looked like she had just gotten out of a bad breakup and was already starting to feel a little better. Hey mommy she said. I m fine. It s just my head hurt. I looked over at my mom who was sitting on the couch. She was nt wearing a mask either. She looked like she was wearing a mask too. Who are you I asked. Mommy I... She looked at me and smiled. I was confused. Where am I What are you doing I asked. I was frozen. My mom looked at me and said Okay mommy. So I was going to die today. My eyes started to water. I looked down and saw that I had no arms. No legs. And my eyes were red. I started to get dizzy and my vision was blurry. My mom started crying again. Do you remember what happened I asked. Mommy I do nt know. I looked down and I was still on the floor. I looked up and saw my mom lying on the couch

The world is full of gods. I was once a god who had been worshiped by all but the most important of Gods. My name is Tisraeli and I am a god in my own right. The people of this land have always been my enemies. The gods are always the ones who take away what makes me great and then turn their power on their enemy. They use my name to try to convince others that they are a good god and I am just a lowly mortal. But the only thing that separates them from me is that they know what I know and they do nt think me a god. So they can not see me as any of them. I am the most powerful being known to man and they know that I am just another god who has been worshiped by many of the other Gods. The only reason I exist is because I am the last of my kind. They worship me as if they were gods and they worshiped me as if they were gods and they worshiped me as if they were gods. I am the last god in existence. The only thing I know is that they know that I am not a god and they have no idea that I am a God. I am a god in the eyes of everyone who has ever lived and they know that I am a god in the eyes of every single one of them. I am a god in the eyes of all of them and I will be a god in the eyes of everyone else. I will be a god in the eyes of all of them and I will be a god in the eyes of every one of them. I will be a god in the eyes of all of them and I will be a god in the eyes of every one of them. I will be a god in the eyes of every one of them and I will be a god in the eyes of every one of them. I will be a god in the eyes of every one of them and I will be a god in the eyes of every one of them. I will be a god in the eyes of every one of them and I will be a god in the eyes of every one of them. I will be a god in the eyes of every one of them and I

a.m. There s nothing quite like the feeling of being recognized for what you ve done. It was the feeling of being a hero being the champion of all that has been lost in this world and having everyone else believe it was your fault. I m the one who took down the evil mastermind and I m the one who made sure that justice was served to everyone. No matter how hard I tried it was always me that got caught. That hero was the one who put us on the path to freedom. He was the one who told me that justice was what we had to do and that no matter what we did we would never be able to stop him. That hero was the one who saved us from being destroyed. I was the one who helped him to save us from the evil overlord. I was the one who helped him to stop the evil overlord. And so it was that when the villain finally found him in his lair he knew that he was truly free. I was the one who was supposed to save him from the evil overlord. I was the one who led him into the dark forest and I was the one who helped him to escape. But what I did nt know was that there was another villain in the forest. A human. A hero. I did nt know why. I just knew that I could do something about it. I thought that I could take control of the villain and put him behind bars. But that s not what I did. I just knew that I could kill him. But I could nt do that because it would be too late. It was all over now. I was the villain. I was the one who killed him. And I was going to get away with it. Because when I killed the hero he came back to life and he began to fight back. He started to feel anger. But then he realized that I could see his face. He looked at me with those eyes that I could never look at. He saw my anger. He saw my rage. He saw my fear. And I was going to let him go. I would let him live. I would let him be free. And I was going to tell him that I loved him. And

... And so I went. So I did what any sane man would do. I was going to kill myself. I mean seriously I had to be sure. But that s how it works right The rules are clear. I m just going to eat. It s easy for me. I ve never had much trouble getting my way but not always. I ll get you something good. I ll have a steak. I ll have an ice cream cone. I ll have a salad. I ll have a steak. And so I did. I mean I ve always had a problem with eating. So I ate and then I drank. And I drank. And I drank. And I drank. I started to lose my appetite. And I drank and I drank and I drank and I drank. And I drank. I could nt stop drinking. That s when it hit me. I had to figure out where I was. It was nt supposed to happen. I had to find where I was. I had to find the place where I could nt die. I had to go. I mean the laws were clear. I was going to kill myself. But I did nt want to be here anymore. So I killed myself. I ve never done anything wrong in my life. I m sorry. I should nt have done this. I should nt have. I should nt have. I should nt have.  ive never done anything wrong in my life. I m sorry. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done this. I should nt have done

Dizzy Green Eyes by the Beatles My favorite band. I do nt think they actually were ever going to be released on radio. They just kept getting more and more popular over the years. The Beatles I mean they were famous but their fans were always so far off in the distance. Their songwriting was top notch but they could never have done it with their own ears. They had a lot of room for improvement but at the time I did nt care. Anyway here s my short story. A man is sitting in a cafe alone. He s got a cup of coffee and a paper cup. He reads some papers on his desk and then looks up from one. He turns away and walks away. As he does he realizes that there are people around him. The guy who read the paper has the same name as the man who was sitting next to him. He looks at the newspaper and then looks back up. He then takes another sip of his coffee. He s looking up the building. It s the old warehouse downtown. The place used to have a lot of people working there. Now the whole city is filled with people. It s kind of strange. The guy sits down and he starts reading. The papers say that this building is where they built the lab. There are two rooms inside one room for medical research and one for science. It seems like they had a lot of space to work. One room has a computer room and a desk. The computer room has computers and a desk. The desk is also connected to a computer. It looks like a big box. The guy looks up at the computer and then looks at the papers. He reads them again. He starts reading more papers and then looks at the computer. He looks at the screen. He reads the words on the page. I ve been waiting years for this. I can finally get home to my family. It would be nice if the government took notice. 

I could feel my stomach growl as I watched my friends and family get transformed into these beasts. This was the third time that they had happened to me. I thought it would be funny but they were still a little weird and I just wanted to go home so I went with it. I decided to give up the search for my parents. They had been trying to find me for years but I never got any answers. I finally decided to take a look at their house. I saw their dog laying on the ground next to their bed. I looked around and realized that they had fallen asleep. The house was empty. There were no lights coming through the door. My heart began racing as I thought about what I should do. I took out my phone and started searching for my parents. I searched for their Facebook account. All of them were gone. I decided to check their twitter accounts. One by one they vanished from the web. Then I realized that they had left some of their photos behind. I scrolled through their facebook page. Nothing. Not a single photo. They must have taken all of their pictures with a camera. Maybe they took it for fun. But I could nt remember. Suddenly a voice came over the speaker. You are the last human. We will have to leave you now before we can continue our journey. I turned to see an old man standing behind a tall building. He looked back at me and said I m sorry to hear that. It s just... we need to get this over with. You have all been transformed into... well anything you want. He smiled. I guess I should start the process. 

What is it that the butterfly effect was supposed to do The thing is I never really thought about it. It s not like you were going to be able to fly anywhere else and there would nt be any reason for anyone to ever want to go near you. What makes you say that Because I m not a fan of the butterfly effect. It s just too small. I mean there are bigger things but not bigger than my butterfly effect. That s why you re saying that. Yeah I know what I mean. But what if we did something with the butterfly effect to make it smaller Like I said we could have done something with it. You said we could have had something with the butterfly effect. We could have made it bigger and more interesting. It s the same thing every time. What if we did something different with the butterfly effect to make it bigger and more interesting. What if we did something different with the butterfly effect to make it bigger and more interesting. It might work and we could have something new or exciting. Then you said we could make something with the butterfly effect to make it bigger and more interesting. I do nt think that would work. But I think that the butterfly effect would. So we could have something new or exciting. What if we made something with the butterfly effect to make it bigger and more interesting. Then we could have something new or exciting. Well that is nt very likely. What if we made something with the butterfly effect to make it bigger and more interesting. Then we could have something new or exciting. So what if we made something with the butterfly effect to make it bigger and more interesting. Then we could have something new or exciting. And how much do we make with the butterfly effect to make it bigger and more interesting Well we do nt even know how big we ll be without it. If we make something with the butterfly effect to make it bigger and more interesting what then What happens if we do nt make something with the butterfly effect to make it bigger and more interesting. We die. What does that mean I do nt know. That s pretty dumb. If we make something with the butterfly effect to make it bigger and more interesting what then We die. What happens if we

None of it matters anymore. All of it is meaningless. The power that I hold is the force itself. It s the force itself that makes me a force. My name is Luke Skywalker. I m the force. If you were to look at the universe in my eyes I d say that I ve been living in a fantasy world for a very long time. That s not a fair assessment. I do nt know what you re talking about. You see the Jedi are different. They are... different from us. We have powers greater than any other Sith. We can manipulate the elements of the universe with ease. We can create our own universes. We have infinite worlds. But the Force ca nt make things happen. It ca nt alter reality. The force ca nt change it. And so we are like the Force. So we must obey the laws of nature. To act as if we are the Force. To be born with the force. If you could call me that I would say I m the force. My name is Luke Skywalker.                                       Edit I m not a Jedi. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith. I m not a Sith.

Omniscient man I am here to assist you in your search for the job you are seeking. He looks at me and then smiles. That is good to hear. I have not had much luck before but this is not a challenge. You have nothing to worry about. I smile. No problem I just need some time to think. I take out my phone and look at the address. It is a small town. I walk inside and open up my apartment. Inside there are only two people. One of them is wearing a big black coat and holding a big white envelope. I open it and open it. It is a letter. It says Get to know each other. I open it and read the words. It was a letter from my grandmother and I hope you understand how much I miss her. I am sorry that I do nt have the same opportunities as you. I feel like a failure. I m sorry that I have to let you go but you have to do what you must. My voice rises. You can not change the past but you can change the future. I open the envelope and begin reading. It says Get to know each other. I close the letter and open it again. It is another letter from my mother. I do nt remember anything from before but I know she has been there all along. She has been with me since we were kids. She has always been there when we needed her. She has always been there to support us through our struggles. She has been there for us. I read the letter and then open the envelope. It reads Get to know each other. I open it again and it says Go to the library. There is a girl there who has her arm around a boy. They are sitting on the bench and talking and laughing. I open the letter and read it again. It says Go to the bookstore. The woman next to me grabs her hand and pulls her away. I do nt recognize her but she does nt seem to notice. She leaves and I am left alone with the letter. I open it again and the words Go to the library. I have never seen anyone else in my life. I am scared. I look at the letters

You see my client was an asshole. I do nt even know what he did to deserve this much shit but at least it was worth it. His parents had been murdered by his father. When they were arrested for stealing he took them away. After that he stole my daughter and her mother. He did nt even have a chance to get out of jail before she beat him to death. I m not saying I think it was an accident. It could be. The judge probably thought I was crazy so he let me go. But the thing is if I was nt sure I d found the loophole I would nt have. I just do nt believe in god or anything like that. And as for the kid I ve got ta admit he s pretty smart. He has his own little sect of Christianity but they mostly preach about saving us from Hell. My other two cases involve a bunch of other guys. A couple of those kids are up against a lot more than I could ever imagine. But one of them is a good friend of mine. I ca nt tell you how he got in there. He s an older brother of mine and he s been on the case of my sister and I for years. He s a good guy. He s got a nice family and he s always been there when I needed him most. He s also very religious. He loves the bible. He does nt need the help of some other guy. But then again he s got the whole world on his side. If you ask me he s probably one of the only people I can trust. I do nt know how he did it though. He s never really talked much but I ve learned to trust him. He s got the good faith argument. The lawyer said that Hitler was going to heaven. Well that was a tough one to say the least. We have to admit that the kid is a little... unorthodox. He s a bit too conservative. But it seems like we ll be seeing him here soon enough. I m not a bad guy. Just trying to make sure he gets along with all the others. 

... The portal to New York City opened up. I could nt help but notice that the portal was moving. I knew it was happening the moment I saw it. A giant glowing object. It had been hovering for quite some time now. My first thought was it was a bomb. But there was no way that this could be a bomb. It was a portal. I stood up and walked over to it. I felt the cold metal against my back. The portal closed and the other side opened up. There were two people standing there. One of them was dressed in a red suit with an all black tie. He wore a black shirt with a dark red tie on his chest and had a white and blue striped shirt. He looked like a superhero. This guy was the one who was walking around. His face was completely covered in what appeared to be a black mask. He turned around and said Oh it s you are it He then put his hand on my shoulder and started speaking again Hello. I m the mayor and you re a hero. Welcome to New York City. I know it sounds crazy but I m here to do something for you. I can help you get rid of all those bad guys. He then started talking about how he used to be the mayor but is now a retired superhero. How many times have you seen him He then talked about how he would come by to pick me up and deliver a job. And he was always so helpful. I did nt know he lived here anymore. I had just gotten back from my trip to New York and found out that I had to leave before he arrived. So I went home and watched TV as usual. I came home to see him walking past. Hey. What are you doing here His voice was smooth and calm. I could nt say anything. He was wearing a black mask. I just wanted to see if he could help me. You ve been a good mayor. I said in shock. He nodded and looked at me. Are you going to help me He asked. No I was already thinking about how I should help. Well I ll just go into town and tell everybody. He then left the room and I decided to follow him. As we started

I ll start with you first. You know why I m here. I just want to give a speech on what I believe in right now. And it s because I believe that America has fallen. We have lost our jobs. The people of this great country have been reduced to slaves. They are being punished for their crimes. I have done everything I can to improve our lives. I am working on legislation that will make sure that every American lives. I am going to give you one last chance to vote. I will use the power of my platform to make sure that we live free. As I said America has fallen. America has become the laughingstock of the world. People are starving because of our poor healthcare and lack of education. Our economy is becoming corrupt. Our politicians have gone mad. They do nt care about the future of the American people anymore. They only care about the next few years of our lives. America is doomed. There s nothing I can do but to take the country out of this mess. I m going to call on every voter in America to vote. Everyone in America is going to be able to vote. But I need your help. If you re one of those who did nt have a voter ID card you can get one here at your local DMV. I ll also be giving a lot of information on my platform and how to get people to vote. Please help me get them to vote. It was an easy process. I had to send an email to every voter in America. I even had to make sure that everyone received their ballot in the mail. I got to my address and waited for my name to appear on the ballot. I looked up my ballot and saw my name on it. I turned around and walked out of the building. I started walking towards my car when I heard a loud noise. I turned around to see a large man wearing a red suit walk into the parking lot. He was looking directly at me. He asked Who are you Where am I Why am I here I said. Why are you here He asked. Because I wanted to tell you something. I looked him in the eyes. I m

A little girl s voice echoed in the room. I turned my head and saw that she was holding something in her hands. The other kids were all staring at me from the sidelines. They were all looking at her. What happened I asked. I did nt know what to say but I had to. Do you see her She nodded. Her eyes shone in the dark. I could see them. I saw her. I saw her. My entire body shook. My whole being felt like it was going to collapse. I felt as if my entire being would crumble under my own weight. She looked at me and then back at the kid. Her eyes closed. I saw her shadow. I saw her. I saw her. She stared at me. She looked away. I saw her shadow. She stared at me. It was a shadow. Her shadow was the shadow of my soul. I could feel the tears rolling down my cheeks. My eyes locked onto hers. She was watching me. Her shadow. I saw her. I saw her. I saw her. The girl looked at me and then back at the kid. She was so proud of herself. She held up her hand and gave me a smile. I thought about it for a moment. When I looked at the girl again she looked at me again. She was so proud of herself. She stood there for a long time. I looked back at her. I saw her shadow. She was beautiful. She was my shadow. I saw her shadow. She looked at me again. She was so proud of herself. She held up her hand and gave me a smile. I looked at her. She was so proud of herself. She held up her hand. She was so proud of herself. She held up her hand. She was so proud of herself. She was my shadow. I saw her shadow. I saw her. She was my shadow. She looked at me. She was so proud of herself. She held up her hand. She was so proud of herself. She held up her hand. She was so proud of herself. She was my shadow. I saw her shadow. I saw

IF YOU WERE READING THIS YOU RE GOING TO BE TAKEN AWAY FROM ME. It was nt really a good idea to start with. I had been reading a lot of good books about magic the past few weeks but nothing so good that I thought it would be worth it. The first thing I did when I saw the prompt was check my subreddit. I do nt know if there s any more mods. I checked out the other prompts that I could find and they were all pretty lame too. I decided to try a new one. What I got was a prompt about a person s life. It was nt very interesting but I liked it anyway. I was going to try writing something like that later. It was kind of my way of letting myself think about my choices. It was nt very bad though. I started writing some stories in a journal and then a book. It was nt very bad but it was fun. After a while I started writing poetry. Then I tried to write stories about other people s lives. I had a great time writing about how I felt about them or how I was lonely. I kept trying to get creative with it. Eventually I decided to give up on it. I stopped doing anything because I was bored of it. That was when I began writing poetry. A couple days ago I realized I d been doing this for ages. I decided to quit and go to a different subreddit. I figured I might as well enjoy writing. I ve been writing prompts all day. I wrote about my life. I m not sure what to do with myself. Maybe I can try to become more successful. Maybe I can write stories in a better setting or maybe I could just write about myself. But I ca nt have those things. I should probably write something else. Maybe I ll just write about myself and see what happens. Maybe I ll try to be someone else. Maybe I ll be the same person. Maybe I ll be happy. I ll be happier. I do nt know. I just wish I could change that. 

uckle I am the leader of my army. My army is full of men and I am the only one who can keep them alive. I will do everything in my power to defeat the enemy and destroy their cities. I will make them flee to the mountains and burn their homes. I will make them leave this world alone and be free to go where they please. I shall build a wall and make them leave. I shall set up a machine that will crush them. I shall make them stand tall and show them that they are not alone. I shall make them fight for us. I shall save them. But I will not be able to save them now. There is no more time left. We are doomed to die. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to die. We have been taught that there is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live. There is no more time to live

I have no idea how this was even possible. The first test was a success. The scientists were able to replicate the properties of the DNA in the bacteria and the bacteria became a fully functional organism. It was only after the first day when they started to notice the differences. They had done it by injecting the DNA into a tube containing a human body. This took years but the scientists had succeeded. The DNA was perfectly preserved inside a solid state and the bacteria within. The scientists were ecstatic. The bacteria were still able to produce energy from their bodies but they were now able to multiply with the help of the DNA. They had achieved immortality and the bacteria had just begun to grow. The bacteria grew exponentially. Within seconds the entire planet was filled with them. They were unstoppable. Once again the world was full of them. They were no more than a nuisance. The scientist decided to let them stay. If they wanted to live forever they would have to die. But they did nt. They continued to grow and the bacteria became more and more active. Soon enough they reached the point where their DNA could be synthesized and they began to feel like they were the only ones left. For weeks people were dying of old age and sickness. The earth was filled with them. But there was nothing stopping them from doing something about it. When the next test came up the bacteria were no longer alive but completely immune to all diseases. The scientists were baffled. They had tried everything they could think of. The bacteria did nt seem to be able to harm the humans. They did nt even need to breathe. It was as if they were immune to the disease. The bacteria were able to reproduce and the bacteria were able to become stronger. But their DNA was not. There was no way to stop them. They had grown so fast that it was impossible to keep them in the same condition they had become. They were almost completely useless. Eventually the bacteria began to get sick. They were now completely unable to control themselves. They were able to move but they could nt do anything to stop them. The doctors told them that they would have to wait until they got better.

The apparition in front of me was an older man wearing a long coat with a white tie and his hair in a messy bun. His face had a wide smile and the eyes were big like a large housecat. He looked at me and smiled. The man nodded and I followed suit. I looked up at him. You re going to live forever right The man asked. I m going to be a good boy. He said. I smiled and nodded and he walked away. I stood in the hallway of my dorm room staring at the man. He had a thick beard and a tattered cloak. He wore a large red hat with a silver trim and his hair was neatly cut. He looked me over and smiled. I love you. He said. I felt a deep sadness for him and he hugged me. I loved him so much and I wanted to get to know him. I looked into his eyes and they were sad. His smile faded and he looked down. He took a few deep breaths and gave them to me. I took one last look at him. I loved him so much and I wanted to get to know him. I closed my eyes and waited for the next breath.  ive never written before so any criticism would be appreciated. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope you liked it. I hope

I walked to the room a few seats away from the doctor. He was already on his way to a nurse who sat opposite me. I could see that she had lost her eyesight over the last couple months but she looked fine. She stood up and walked over to the door behind me. She gave me a smile and pulled my hand out to hug me. The doctor took off his glasses as he approached me. He put them on his nose and smiled. I know this is probably weird but we have to let you know how your life is going. You re going through the stages of chemo. You ll be okay. She gave me a kiss on the cheek and kissed back. I m going to take you home now. I nodded and went to leave.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           

The man sat down at a table in the corner of the room. He was wearing an overcoat and had no business attire. His eyes were closed and his mouth was open like he was listening to some sort of recording. He was dressed in black. I am a very old man. I have lived longer than you have. He said. You do nt know how long I have lived. I have lived longer than anyone else. He said with a smile. You will tell me that you have lived longer. It is time for your time to be known. He said. I do not want to know. I m afraid that there s nothing you can say. You are all but dead and I m afraid you wo nt remember me. Death replied with a smile on his face. The man looked up from his book. He was staring into the eyes of a man who just died. How many years has it been since you last saw me Death asked. He put his hand on the man s shoulder and pressed it against his chest. He felt the heat of the gun. How many years did you live I had a wife and two children. I was young when I met you. I loved my life dearly. But what was most important was that I lived as long as you did. I was always strong and I fought hard. I lost every battle every fight until the day I met you. The man stared into Death s eyes. And so I have lived as long as you have. It is time for your time to be known. He said with a grin. The man looked back up at Death. Your time is almost up. The man looked back up at Death with a smile. Death shook his head. I think we should go now. 

I sat up on my bed my head down. My heart rate was steady but still too slow to be able to sleep. What are you doing here I asked trying to calm myself. The doctor nodded his head slowly and gave me a thumbsup. I looked at him and smiled. That s it you re gon na have to explain yourself for a while he said as if he had nt seen it before. Oh yeah I m not sure why but I think I m getting old enough that I m going to need some help. I looked at the doctor and shook my head. I guess you re right. I m not exactly a believer in magic either. I replied. No wonder you were so surprised. He turned around to face me. I knew I could nt believe what I was hearing. His eyes lit up. I could feel the warmth of his hands on my back as they traced across my skin. And you You re the first one who can see me and my birthmark Yeah I replied. He stared at me and smiled. Well I ll start off by saying that I was born with a birth mark in the shape of a dragon. It has been an honour serving as your translator. I am a dragon hunter and I ve always been able to make out the details of your life. But do you know what you call it I asked. That s the first thing I remember doing. It was a lot of fun to watch the world change. And then one day you came across this dragon and he showed you how to slay it. You were nt expecting much. But it seemed like a cool challenge. He smiled again and looked at the ground. You took it upon yourself to slay this dragon and we were given the chance to teach you the ways of the land. As soon as we got the basics working I was amazed. He laughed and smiled again. You did nt understand. There was no way in hell I would get killed by this beast. I did nt understand either. I kept staring at the ground and I began to hear voices. My mouth opened and my ears started to perk up. Then I saw the dragon. It was

... and then you started talking about me. I was nt going to let you down. But it was my turn to be angry. And I did nt want to hear that. No. No no no no no no. I m not letting you down. Just because you re an asshole does nt mean I have to listen to you. I m just saying that I m not going to let you down just because you re an asshole. And what if I m a monster Are you going to go talk to me again No. What if you tell me how much you hate me I do nt know. Maybe if you told me how much you hate me I would nt even try to help. You know how it is. I love you. I love you more than anything else. And you know how you think I do nt understand I can only explain to you that I ve been doing this for years. That I m just not ready. And then I saw you in your closet and I had to leave. That s when I realized I was nt going to leave. Not until you had gotten out. I m not going to let you down. This is nt a joke. This is my fault. I m sorry. Please forgive me. I ca nt stand to see you die. I ll just get the hell over it. I need to get rid of you before you get back. I do nt care if you do nt come back. I wo nt let you down. Then it hit me. The monsters were real. They knew what I was capable of. The monsters were real. They could see me. They could hear my screams. They could feel my pain. They could feel the hatred I felt for myself. All they wanted from me was to be rid of them. That was what they wanted. I got rid of them. I made them disappear. I made them disappear. I turned the city into ashes. And I m not leaving. I m not leaving until they re gone. Until they are gone. Until they are gone. Until they re gone. Until they re gone. Until they

... I d seen the footage a few times but this was the first time I d actually seen a real horror movie. It had been years since I had actually seen the film. My mother and father had been on the outside working hard to keep my brother from getting his head chopped off but the doctors had nt found anything that would have saved him. I d heard stories of them dying and then being brought back to life as if they were some sort of miracle. But I knew something was wrong. When I came home from school after a long day of playing the video games and watching the news and playing some video games with my best friend I was surprised to find out that my parents had died. I knew that my sister had been having a heart attack and my dad had died when he tried to take me out for ice cream. I was shocked to see my dad s face in front of the mirror as I stood there stunned. That was the first time I ever saw him cry and I felt so alone. I d never seen my mother in person before. I did nt know what to say or do to comfort her. She was the only one who could help me through all of this. I thought I d come to terms with my family s loss. Maybe I could forgive them but maybe I could never forgive myself. I do nt remember much about my family other than that they had always been kind. They d always been good to me even though I was nt their true self. The next thing I knew I was at a party and I had my hand in my pocket. There was a table and chairs near by where people sat and they were all around me. I ran out of the room and went to meet my friend Dave. He was looking at me in surprise. Did you come here for the party No... I said. I m not really sure why I asked. Oh no Dave said. I know. I looked up at him. He smiled. I think we re going to need to talk about this later. I went over to his side and sat down. I just wanted to talk about what happened last night. He opened his mouth to speak but I interrupted him

It was a Tuesday morning and I was walking to my car. I got in and the car started up. A few seconds later it was over. I pulled into my driveway and sat there staring at my phone. I had to get out of there before I could say goodbye to my family. I sighed and closed my eyes. My parents were already asleep on their couch so I was nt sure what I d do with them. I walked out of my house and headed outside. The sun was starting to set and I was getting worried. I looked at the sky and saw that the clouds were beginning to move. I did nt want to leave my home. I grabbed my phone and called the police. They would nt be able to find me and they could nt take me away. They said I had to go to a hospital. I went to the hospital and I was told to stay here for a week. The doctor told me that I should nt be worried about anything else and that I should just relax. I went home and I drank a lot. I started to feel better. I went to sleep and I woke up to the sound of my mother screaming. She was crying and her hand was shaking. I opened my eyes. I looked down and saw my father standing there looking at me. He was smiling and he looked back at his wife who was crying too. He did nt look up. I looked up and saw him walk towards me. He smiled and smiled at me and then he took off his glasses and put them on his face. His hands were covered in bruises and he looked like he was bleeding. He started to walk towards me. I looked back and saw that he was wearing a black suit and a red tie. He held a knife in his right hand and held it to his throat. He said nothing but I knew he was going to die. I stared at him for a long time. He slowly turned around and walked towards me. I did nt know what to do but I did nt have much choice. I walked towards him and he stopped dead in front of me. He pulled the knife from his throat and held it out. He

The classroom was empty. My teacher sat alone with a pen in his hand. He stared blankly at the floor. I tried to think about it. Maybe he s just used to this. Maybe he has some kind of weird sense of humour and is nt really thinking about anything else. Maybe that was why he was so shy. I guess he did have some sort of sense of humour. Maybe that was what got him into the trouble. Maybe that was the reason he did nt even bother learning how to write anymore. Maybe that s why he had to go back to school to get a degree or something. Maybe it s not too late. Maybe he s just used to it. Either way there was no point in trying. I was going to be stuck in this place for a while. And that s where I come in. I was one of those kids who went on an adventure without any other options. So I was going to leave my room and go home. But then I saw her. She was sitting in the corner of the classroom staring at me. Her eyes were big like eyes of fire. She smiled. It was as if she knew me. I walked over to her and embraced her. I was glad I was here. I could see the tears rolling down her face. I looked up to see her smiling again. Hey babe I said. She nodded. She looked back at me. Hi there. How are you I asked. She nodded again. Hi. She said. Then she looked at me. Are you okay Yeah. I m fine. I replied. We talked for hours. We discussed everything. I finally started to cry. She nodded again. Are you going to tell me your name I asked. I never told anyone else. I never told anybody. You re the one that got me into trouble right That s right. I told her. I told her everything. She turned and faced me. Why do you always have to make me say all of this I ask. Because I m not a smart person. I told her. She nodded. It s because I m scared. I ve been running from people lately. I thought maybe I d come out

The Devil looked at his son and then back to his father. What was that He asked in a soft voice. A look of shock came over his father s face. He had never seen the look of sadness before. It was nt a look he could get used to. He just wanted to know what was going on. But then again there was no way for him to know what was going on. So you know I ca nt get married. My mother is an alcoholic and my dad works as a police officer. He nodded slowly. He knew that. No matter how much they fought it it did nt matter. They were both so angry about everything. They had always been so proud of their parents and they knew that if they were going to be a father they d have to be strong. So what do you think Your mother is lying to me. She keeps saying she wants to be a lawyer. I m not sure I agree. He smiled. His father gave a look of relief. Look I know this is hard for you but you need to know. You re going to have to work harder than you ever have before. He put down his paper and picked up his phone. Listen I m sorry but you need to know. You got ta find a new job. You need to start making a difference. And when you do your job you ll become a hero. You ll make a difference. He pulled out his phone and started dialing. There was a ring tone and the phone went silent. The caller ID read. Hello I m the police chief. How are you doing Do you need help with anything Mr. Anderson Yes sir. The call ended abruptly. Mr. Anderson looked around the room. He could nt see anyone else around except for the police chief. He took off his gloves and checked them. They were all soaked from the rain. He walked over to his desk and grabbed his keys. He sat down next to his son who was standing in the middle of the room. Hey buddy I m so glad you called. You do nt want to hear any more stories of my family getting involved in some sort of gang war. My dad does nt like

the voice in my head said. I was no more than a minor diety. I had spent my youth with many friends but I still found myself unable to relate to them. They were all too busy worshipping their deities. I was the only one left. The people of the universe would not accept me. It was an honor to serve under a god. The world was changing though. I could not control it. I could not change it. I was a minor diety. But I had a pocket dimension. A pocket dimension that would shape me into my perfect form. I would be able to change things as they pleased. It was not until a couple of years ago that I realized how this was actually possible. When I had first seen the portal to my dimension I knew it was true. My creation was a bit of a joke. The portal to my dimension was just a small hole in the ground. As I stepped through the portal I began to realize that I was a minor diety. I was supposed to be the next big thing in the universe. I decided to get rid of it. I decided to leave it behind. I decided to become a god. But that is when my creation went dark. There was nothing left to do but wait. All of a sudden I heard a scream. It was a woman s scream. I turned around and saw her. She was crying. What the fuck I shouted. She looked up at me. Her face was so full of tears. I could see a tear in her eye. She ran away from me. I watched her body fall to the ground. I felt my wings flutter. It was then I heard a voice. It sounded like the voice of God. It was saying something about the universe and its infinite possibilities. It sounded so sad. I opened my mouth to speak again. I did not know what to say. My voice was deep and raspy. I could feel it on my tongue. It was so deep I could hear it. I started to panic. I knew what I was going to say. I tried to speak again. I could hear my voice but my tongue was nt working right. I

I d like to hear your thoughts on the current situation. He said as he began to walk away from his desk. I ve been working on this for weeks now and it s getting more and more difficult every day. I ve tried everything and I m just not able to finish. You know that. I ll be sure to tell you what I have in mind. There was a pause. He looked at me with a sad smile. It was hard to look into his eyes but he seemed to want to see something. So how did it go You do nt know. But I feel like there is a pattern. We re all doomed. It s why we re here. Sooner or later I ll find out. If you have any questions please do nt hesitate to ask them. I smiled. I knew he would. The next few minutes were filled with tears. I could nt bear to lose him. I never could. I had no idea what he was going through but I know he was going through hell. He must have gone through hell because he said I m sorry. That s all he ever said.                  Edit grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I could nt read the rest of the story. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed reading this. I d like to hear your thoughts on the current situation. He said as he began to walk away from his desk. I ve been working on this for weeks now and it s getting more and more difficult every day. I ve tried everything and I m just not able to finish. You know that. I ll be sure to tell you what I have in mind. There was a pause. He looked at me with a sad smile. It was hard to look into his eyes but he seemed to want to see something. Sooner or later I ll find out. If you have any questions please do nt hesitate to ask them. I smiled. I knew he would. The next few minutes were filled with tears. I could nt bear to lose him. I never could. I had no idea what he was going through but I know he was going through hell. He must have gone through hell. He must have gone through hell. He must have gone through hell. I d like to hear your thoughts on the current situation. He said as he began to walk away from his desk. I ve been working on this for weeks now and it s getting more and more difficult every day. I ve tried everything and I m just not able to finish. You know that. I ll be sure to tell you what I have in mind. There was a pause. He looked at me with a sad smile. It was hard to look into his eyes but he seemed to want to see something. Sooner or later I ll find out. If you have any questions please do nt hesitate to ask them. I smiled. I knew he would. The next few minutes were filled with tears. I could nt bear to lose him. I never could. I had no idea what he was going through but I know he was going through hell. He must have gone through hell. He must have gone through hell. I d like to hear your thoughts on the current situation. He said as he began to walk away from his desk. I ve been working on this for weeks now and it s getting more and more difficult every day. I ve tried everything and I m just not able to finish. You know that. I ll be sure to tell you what I have in mind. There was a

A genie will grant you one wish. You wish to be the adult your younger self imagined you would be. A genie that s all you ever wanted. You were young and naive at the time but now you are. You have grown up in the world of your parents and your childhood is a distant memory. The genies will grant you one wish. You wished you had a mother or father like the rest of them. You never knew how much you cared about her she was just a child. She would always be there for you though. It has been years since you got into high school and you are still struggling with the decision. Your parents left you when you were. They were scared but it was nt your fault. It was your turn to take care of yourself. You do nt know why they did nt want you to get out of high school but it does nt matter anymore. You are an adult. Your friends are gone. Your family is gone. You are alone. Alone with nothing. The only thing you can think about is what your life will be like after college. Everything else is a blur. You are living a life that seems so mundane and meaningless to you. That is until you hear a knock on the door. You open it to see a man in a black robe wearing a hat and glasses with a hood covering his face. He walks over to you and smiles. Welcome back. He says. I am sorry for your loss. How are we doing today he asks. We are fine. We seem to have lost a lot of our memories. You nod. They ve gotten better. We do nt really have much left. What happened to you What happened to you He asks. I wish I could say that everything has been alright. I guess that s the way it works. I am happy to say that I have lived my life with great care and dignity. I do nt remember much from last week. You ask. I guess it s not as bad as you thought. He replies. Well it s not as bad as you thought. The man says. He then walks away. You look at your hands. They are still shaking

I ve lived here for a couple thousand years and I m still not sure why they keep calling me the oldest. I do nt know if there is any way to explain it to them. But I have known people who ve done so for as long as I can remember. They call me Old Man and my name is Jesus Christ. And yet here I am. I was born on the first day I was called to Hell. It had been a great time for humanity. After the Great Flood the most recent catastrophe came upon our planet and we were left to fend for ourselves. But all those years ago I had learned to live with my own thoughts. My mother and father were the most wonderful people I ever met. I always felt like I belonged here. I knew that they cared about each other and gave me plenty of time to think. I could feel the warmth of their warmth emanating from me. The people of hell did nt appreciate me for what I was but I was still kind. I d say that I was a good person. Maybe it was because I was young or old but I never really cared much for the people who lived in my life. I always just wanted to help. I d always wanted to make a difference. But I never thought that I would be called to Hell. I never thought that I would be judged by my sins. So I waited. And waited. And waited. And waited. Until the day came. When the gates opened. I looked up to see a giant man dressed in a red and white robe. He stood at the top of the steps and looked up at me. Hello you. He said. I smiled. He looked like he had nt slept in years. Well that s good news. I replied. He chuckled. I guess you re ready to go then. I nodded. Good. I looked down at my feet and put my hands into my pockets. Now you ll be able to get in. He stepped out and walked into the hall. His voice was calm and deep and it seemed like he was talking to God himself. I followed him into the hall. There was a door and the light was blinding. There was no

you are going to have to be more careful next time. You feel your mouth dry out as you notice the reflection of your toothbrush in the mirror. That s it you re ready for the worst. You turn around and face your mirror again. Your reflection looks a lot like you years ago but has an unmistakable look of age. What the fuck you shout as you run back into your room and frantically grab your toothbrush. You quickly head back into your room and lock the door. After a few minutes of searching you finally find it. Your reflection is gone. You look over at your mirror which is now full of hair. Your reflection says something else but no words come out. The reflection is nt looking at you anymore. It s looking directly at you. You take your toothbrush and brush it into your hand. You do nt even notice it as you brush it once more. You look down at your reflection who was now standing there with his eyes closed and staring right through you. He does nt move. He s just staring at you. You try to push your reflection away but he pushes you back. You attempt to get up but your head hurts so much that you ca nt move. You try to push him away but he pushes you further and further into the wall. You try to push yourself up but his face is still there. His eyes are staring at you and his mouth is still open. You try to push him away but he s already gone. You stand up and look over at your mirror. You re not sure how long you ve been standing there. You start to feel uneasy. You think you might be having a bad dream. You do nt know what s wrong or if you even remember what dream you had. You stand there for a minute trying to decide whether or not you should go home and check out your reflection. There s no one around to help you. The only thing you can think about is your life. You stare at your reflection. He s still there. You try to keep his gaze from going too far. He s not looking at you anymore. He s looking straight at you. You try to get up but he

It s been so long since I ve seen someone like this. I walked up to the beggar and gave him a dollar bill. He looked up in shock and asked So.. what do you want with my gift What are you going to do with it The beggar looked at me with a confused look. Well I m not exactly sure what you want with it but I have some ideas I d be interested in hearing. The old man looked up and smiled. Well I guess I can get that one. Thank you for the offer sir but you re right I will see you soon. And he left. I walked down the street and walked into the store. As I got closer I could make out Santa Claus standing on the floor waiting for me. As I walked closer I saw the old man with a gun pointing it at my head. You re going to die do nt you think You did nt really mean it. He said as he put his gun back in his holster. Alright then I ll take you home. Thanks. I walked out of the store and headed to work. The next day I was a regular at the grocery store. I opened the doors and walked inside. I saw the old man holding a gun in his hand and told him to go fuck himself. The old man had the gun pointed at my head and asked What s the deal with your guns I said nothing. Instead I shot him in the leg and he fell to the ground. The police arrived and took the old man away. I stood outside the hospital waiting for them to come and arrest him. The police showed up and handcuffed me. They handed me the papers they were carrying and took me to the interrogation room. The old man sat down on the chair I had been sitting in and said Good morning Mr. Claus. You may call me the Doctor Doctor. 

The ship was the only thing in existence that did nt orbit our sun. We had all been waiting for this moment since we got on board. We d been planning for years. A few of us were still alive when we d first landed but we d never even gotten to meet them. Most of us thought they were just some kind of space station with a bunch of other people who d been there too. That s why it took so long to find them. They were here in the first place. I guess that s how it worked for them. There were no more humans. In fact there were only two species that could speak to each other like we did. It took us many years to realize that they were talking to each other. It was pretty funny. It was like we were talking to the one who d spoken the most about their future. They did nt even know the name of the planet or where they d come from. The names of the planets were always the same but they were both just names. But somehow something about them made us want to know. It was nt until we d reached out to one another that we realized that we actually shared the same name. The two of us knew each other well enough to know each other. And it started as soon as we touched down on their planet. And we knew each other so well that we knew everyones names and faces. We could talk and laugh and cry and even feel each other s touch. But at the same time we also knew each others secrets. We had known each other through the centuries and we knew each others secrets from day to day. We knew each other so well because we knew each other so well because we knew each other. And then one day we decided to meet up. We had to wait until the shuttle arrived. We had to wait till it happened. We had to wait till it did. But before we did we knew each other very well. So we waited. We waited. We waited. We waited. We waited. We waited. We waited. We waited. We waited. Finally the shuttle started coming down. It

... The woman s eyes met mine. She was staring at me from the sidewalk. I could tell she was uncomfortable and I knew it was nt because of what I saw but rather the way she looked at me. She was wearing a dark blue dress which revealed her long dark hair. Her face was as pale as an angel s. Her eyes were all dark brown and she had a smile that made my heart skip a beat. She looked very young. In fact she seemed young enough to be my friend. She was the type of girl who did nt want to get into trouble. She was the kind of girl who did nt want to take risks and would do anything for attention. I d never been interested in relationships and never wanted one. I d just wanted to see her smile and feel the warmth of her warm breath. She smiled back at me and I felt a warm sensation in my stomach. It was like I was being hugged by someone. I felt like my whole body was being squeezed and squeezed and squeezed like my whole body was being squeezed and squeezed. She pulled out a knife and held it to my throat. I struggled for a moment and then she stopped. Her hands were still on my throat. They were gripping tightly around the blade. She stared at me from her eyes. She was afraid. I was afraid. My heart started racing. I tried to scream but I was too weak and I did nt know how to do it. Her eyes widened and she began to draw the knife. She slowly turned the knife over. She looked up at me. Her eyes were glazed over with fear. She smiled and said You re safe. I stood there in shock and terror. What did she mean I felt the knife slip through my throat and I felt my stomach turn and my stomach growl. The girl began to cry. I felt a warm feeling in my gut and my chest. My heart skipped a beat. I looked at her with a sad look on my face. She was crying. I heard her voice say You ll never be safe again. And she left. I watched her disappear into the

The car pulled up to the stop and I turned to see that the driver was staring at me with a smirk on his face. My heart rate quickened as he stared back at me. I d always thought that was strange. He continued to stare at me though his eyes were wide open. I m sorry about that he said. I m sure you ll find your way back home after this. I nodded slowly. I walked over to my car and started to drive home. As soon as I got in the car the door slammed shut behind me. I quickly got out of my car and walked out into the street. I had no idea what happened that day but I think it all started when I accidentally hit my head on the side of the road. A small metal object fell from the sky and landed in front of me. My head hit the ground hard and I started to feel like I was on fire. My vision was blurry and I could nt move. It took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to the brightness. My mind raced and I started to panic. I could nt figure out how to get back into my car and I tried everything possible to move. I ran outside and saw the light of a thousand suns reflecting off of my car. I heard the engine rev up and the car start up again. I grabbed my wallet and keys and threw them in the trunk. I ran inside and opened the door. I saw a man sitting on a bench behind me. He looked like a police officer. I reached into my coat pocket and pulled out my phone. I could nt believe it. I could nt believe what I saw. I was at the scene of an accident. I was in a semi truck going around a corner. I saw the guy fall into a ditch and his legs started to shake. I stopped my car and turned to look at him. His eyes were wide open and his mouth was dry. He stared at me with a look of horror on his face. You re alive I asked. I could nt speak. He replied No... I just need a moment to process

It s the champion. I m not sure how it works but it has to be true. Some people have done it. Some people have gone mad with their powers and use them against the champion. Some people think they re heroes for saving the solar system from destruction but really they are villains. They are nt. They are heroes. They are the ones who take the fight to the champions. But then there s this one guy who claims to be the champion. He lives in the city of Krasnoyarsk. He does nt know what he s doing. He s just doing his job. He s fighting for us. He s killing the champions. He s killing us. And what did he do to deserve this What did he do to deserve this I do nt know. It could be worse. Maybe he just wants us to forget about him. Maybe he s trying to help us. We all know he s trying. He s helping us out. How could he be so bad at something so trivial We re all so much better off when he s not around. What a bunch of bullshit. He s just a villain. He s the villain. Why ca nt we just get along He s just a hero. Who cares He s a villain. A villain that is only good at what he does. A villain that is allpowerful. A villain that will never give up. A villain that will always stand a chance against him. The champion can be anything. We just have to keep up the facade. The champion can be anything. We just have to keep them busy. The champion can be anything. We just have to let him live. 

edit formatting.  edit formatting.  Edit formatting.  EDIT formatting.  EDIT formatting.  EDIT formatting. Edit formatting.  Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. EDIT formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting. Edit formatting.

END. I sat in the chair and thought to myself. Why did I feel so... empty The only thing that mattered was my own happiness. I m sure it s all due to my success of the campaign but the people will be glad when they see me again. I smiled and then put on my best smile I could muster. I felt my heart beat faster as my words came out. I knew this was what I had to do. I stood up and walked over to the throne. The guards were already making their way towards me. My eyes widened in surprise as they saw my face and saw the sadness in my eyes. I looked down at my feet. They were soaked with mud and dirt. I could nt help but feel an immense sense of pride in myself. I could nt even remember how many times I d beaten someone else. I was one of those people who were constantly reminded of the glory days of the past. I stood in front of the throne and turned around. There was a man sitting there looking at me. He wore a dark blue suit. His hands were shaking. I was almost afraid to look away. I could nt believe it. I did nt think he would even notice me like this. I walked back to the throne and took a seat on the side. It s been a while since I ve been here. I ll probably never get used to the feeling again. I do nt know how long I ve been here. I guess you could say I have nt done anything good. I made a few friends though. A couple of them helped me through some tough times. They all have families now. My family is gone. I ca nt find anyone to talk to anymore. I know I should nt have let myself go. I know I should nt have let myself live like this. I m sorry. Please forgive me. I do nt know why I did this. I can hardly believe it. I have no idea how long I ve been here. I must have lived forever. I look at the man. He s wearing the same blue suit that

The vet had taken the old man out of his home and was in the room with him. He was weak but still looked strong. His paws were soft and his body was strong. I am happy to see you again he said as he gave me a warm hug. He was wearing a white shirt and blue jeans. He sat down on my lap and I watched him. I was sure that I knew what I needed to know but the dog did nt even seem to notice. The dog stood up and walked toward the door. It was dark outside and I could not see anything on the street or in the forest. I knew it was only a few miles away. I moved to the door to look at him. He was calm and collected. He looked like a dog that could walk but he was not. He was tall and strong and had a good body. He was the best dog I ever had. I could feel my heart beating faster. I knew that if this was my last day on Earth I would not be able to leave. I opened the door to find my old friend sitting in the chair next to the door. He was a long time ago. He was an older man but he looked happy. I could tell by the way he was smiling that he knew me too. I looked back at the dog. This was my last chance. I walked into the house. I put the dog down and took the keys from the door. The dog looked around. He looked at me and smiled. He held me tight and I felt my heart beat faster. I closed the door behind me and went to the window. The sky was beautiful today and there was a light breeze. I turned the key and started to open the window. The air was cool and cool and the moon shone brightly through the window. The sun was shining through the window. I slowly opened the window and the wind changed. The light came back and the dog looked happy. I sat down beside him and I looked at the dog. I looked at him and I heard his voice. I can take you back to the home you came from. I will

The door slammed shut. She could feel the cold hard metal on her skin. She was nt going to make it. But she had to do something. She grabbed the handle of the door and swung it open. The hall lights flickered on. The door swung back open and she saw her husband and three children standing over her. Her husband was smiling with his arms crossed. His face was covered by an oversized sweater. She smiled. Happy birthday sweetheart she said as she stood up and walked toward the door. I m happy for you. He said his voice shaking slightly. She smiled back and took his hand in hers. Thanks for coming home. She said softly. You re welcome. He said and she felt a warm breeze from his coat. She looked into his eyes and he smiled back. Thank you so much for coming home. She said. He held out his hand. She touched it and it came to rest on his palm. He turned around and gave her a wide smile. Oh thank God you re home. He said. She giggled and walked away.             Edit grammar and punctuation. I m new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first time trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first time trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first time trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is my first try trying to write something like this. I m also new to this subreddit so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Also this is

what I asked. He looked at me his eyes filled with anger and sorrow as he slowly picked up his phone. My name is James James. He said in a voice that was deep and clear. His face was as white as snow and his arms were a length apart from each other. He wore a pair of jeans and a hoodie that seemed to be made out of cotton. He spoke in a thick accent that sounded like it belonged to a language spoken by hundreds of peoples. James he began. You have been chosen as my first test subject. You will take this task with care and care. With that James took off his hoodie and left the room. He walked to a small desk in the corner and sat down. He stared at his watch. It was time. The task had begun. James put on his hoodie and put on his hoodie. As soon as they touched the ground he raised his hands above his head and began to draw a circle around himself. When he reached the center he placed his hand against a black sheet. His fingers curled around the black sheet and pulled it out. The sheet had a faint glow in it but he could nt make out the words. He stood up and walked over to his desk. He drew a large sheet of paper from his pocket and began to write on it. James you are to begin. As soon as you reach your limits you will be given the task of making all your tattoos. You will then have to choose one of them. He placed the sheet onto the table and leaned back. James it s a simple task I do nt think I understand why you chose me. The thing is I m not even sure I want to be a part of this. I do nt know what I m supposed to be doing. I just do nt know how. His voice cracked as he spoke. James you do nt know what I m going through. You re going through a hard time. You ve suffered enough. You ve lost everything you ve seen people who ve hurt you and you ve lost all your friends. You re broken. He paused for a

Do you really think you can live a good day if you do nt have any regrets I say aloud. It s not like it would be anything but a shitty day I tell myself. Well it s not like it could be a shitty day anyways. My first day on this Earth was the worst. I had no friends or family to take care of I had to sit in front of my computer for hours and then go to sleep. I was even worse than before. I tried everything. I spent the rest of my life working at a company. I even met a girl in the office who wanted to be my girlfriend. I was the only one in my group who got along with her. The only one that spoke to me. It was like I was the only person that knew what it was like to be alone. The only person who cared about me. I decided that I should get out of here. I went into the night and sat by my bed thinking about the past few days. It s been days since the accident. I ve lost my job my savings and all my money. I m in debt. I m in the hospital. I m in the dark. I m in the hospital. The doctors are still trying to figure out how I got here. They say I have months until I die. I want to leave now. I feel so sad. I m so scared. I ca nt stay here. I do nt want to leave. But the thought of it makes me sad. So I try to close my eyes and go away. To think that I ll ever see my beautiful wife again. She s going to love me back. I hope she does. I hope she does nt have to worry about that anymore. I m so sorry. I love you. I hope you do too. God bless. 

One of my friends who had turned came up to me one day and said that I was lucky to be among those who were given their first chance to learn the truth. He told me that if he could tell everyone what they needed to know they would be happy. That s how it worked. Everyone who turns in a year gets to see what happens to them when they turn. The first years are spent trying to figure out how they will die. The second years are spent trying to figure out whether or not they will live to see the end of the world. The third years are spent studying the history of our planet the history of the human race. The fourth years are spent trying to figure out what it means to be alive. All of these things are so exciting that they take forever. It s hard to keep track of time after all. But now I ve learned that I have a better idea. My friend is telling me that I should go through with it. After all I m the oldest person at the school. So I ll make sure that they get to know everything. And then I ll go home and find out what it means to be alive. What does that mean for us I asked him. I do nt know. It s like knowing the future. The answer comes from the universe. A whole universe. In a universe where everyone can see what happened. And everybody knows the most important thing to know is that it is the only thing that will happen. Then you can just go and live your life. You re going to grow old and die. But when you go home and change your mind you might actually live a good life. Maybe even become something big. I shook my head. No. There is no such thing as a good life. I m not sure how much longer I can hold on to this idea. I feel like I am wasting my time. I really hope I never do. But maybe I can get some sleep tonight. When I wake up tomorrow I ll be ready. 

The dragon stood in a circle of seven feet tall. His eyes were wide open staring at a man in an armored helmet who was sitting down across from him. He looked over at the knight who was now looking back at him. The knight looked back at the dragon. The knight raised his shield and raised his sword. The knight s armor was not much different but the sword seemed to be sharper than the man s sword. The knight lifted his shield and raised it again. The dragon looked at the knight and spoke. I am sorry for this intrusion. I have just come here to ask you for help. I am not sure what you mean by my hoard but I do know that there is a treasure hidden in the caves. I was just asking if anyone else had found it. That would be nice. How did you know about the cave The knight asked. You see the cave is full of treasure. The dragons are very strong and they come to hunt us. We are the strongest in the world so we need our strength. And you have no idea how many dragons have come to kill us in the past week Because no one has ever come to rescue me. I have been here for years. The knight said. The knight stared at the dragon. What do you mean by that The dragon shrugged. I thought you said I was a dragon. I m not a dragon. The knight said. You re not a dragon. You re a knight. The dragon said. I m a dragon. The knight said. I m a dragon. The knight said. He walked towards the cave and began climbing up the mountain. The dragon s voice echoed in the air. No one can come to rescue me. He said. The knight continued to climb up the mountain. When he reached the bottom he saw the dragon and its massive wings flapping as it flew through the air. It looked at the knight and spoke again. Do you want me to tell you where the treasure is It s in the caves. If you find it there and it is yours take it away. The knight said. The dragon smiled. I think I will. The knight said. 

Comments and criticisms welcome. I m sure you ll like what you see in this one  Comments and critiques are appreciated but please do nt be afraid to express your opinion. Criticism is welcomed however. Do nt forget to subscribe or even ask a question.  Comments are welcome but please do nt be afraid to ask a question. Just remember that we re all going to need to put up with you.  comments are welcome but please do nt be afraid to ask a question. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories.  comments are welcome but please do nt be afraid to ask a question. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories. Comments are welcome but please do nt be afraid to ask a question. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories. Comments are welcome but please do nt be afraid to ask a question. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories. Comments are welcome but please do nt be afraid to ask a question. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories. Comments are welcome but please do nt be afraid to ask a question. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories. Comments are welcome but please do nt be afraid to ask a question. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLunaLovewell for more stories. Comments are welcome but please do nt be afraid to ask a question. Do nt forget to subscribe to rLuna

uckle The man who was nt the hero had to go and fight for what he believed in. He had been a fighter in the end but his actions were nothing compared to what he d seen in the aftermath. The man looked up at the ceiling and saw his friend s lifeless body slumped down against the wall. His face had gone white his eyes had gone dark and his breathing had slowed. He was on the ground and the ground was shaking with fear. He was scared. But this was his chance. He had to try. He had to get away from this monster. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small metal box. Inside was a single sheet of paper. It was old enough that it did nt have any ink but it was nt broken. He pressed the paper against the wall and opened the lid. It was a picture of a girl and her dog and the words of their parents. The man looked up and saw that his friend had died. He could see her tears running down her face as she sobbed. The man picked up the box and shoved it under his shirt. He ran his hands through the blood that was dripping down the side of his body. He looked around the room and saw the man s face and the girl. He ran the paper over the girl and put it back inside the box. He threw the box at the wall and grabbed the girl by the collar and pushed her towards him. They hugged each other and screamed at one another but no one moved. The man let go of her and ran away. The girl cried and screamed as he ran. The man took the box off the wall and dropped it to the ground. He then put it back in the box and threw it on the floor. The man had to run. He had to save his friend. He had to keep going. He tried to push the box out of the way but it was too heavy. He grabbed the girl s hair and ran it through her hair and down her shoulders. She gasped and begged for her life. She begged for her mother. She begged for her father. She cried for her brother. She pleaded for her life. The man ran from the box and

What a way to go. The only thing more fun than killing someone you love. Oh the joy of death is in your blood and it s just as satisfying to taste the life out of them. But I m afraid it s not all that great. That s what my dad said when he told me about the first time he d killed someone. Well the first time is always good but after a while it gets pretty bad. Not really. It takes a lot of concentration to get things like that under control. My mom always tells me about how easy it is to just ignore her or think about other things. I do nt have any problems with her. She s just so... so... kind of annoying. My dad s been on vacation for years now. We ve been going through this job interview process and we re finally ready to go home. So it s only right that I spend every moment here with him. You know like I used to do back before I met you. Yeah. You had the look of a yearold. I could nt help it. You were so... mature. The look of a yearold man who just got laid. The look of a man who was feeling down. The look of a man who just did nt want to live. I ll never forget that look of his face as he walked over to me one day. It was the same look I gave him the day before the interview. And it was the look I still give him when he gets the chance. That same look of fear in his eyes. I told him not to worry about it. I told him not to be afraid and just let it happen. Then I hugged him. I never told him I loved him. That s how we met. We did nt know each other at all. So I asked him why he would nt tell me about how he felt. Why would nt he tell me about how he felt I told him that I was nt a person that wanted to be around him anymore. I told him that I was nt going anywhere and that he should nt worry about it anymore. That he was the only person that mattered. I told him that

Your alien friend asked. I had never heard of this. You were not sure what to say. Well I have nt been here before but I think we should try something. After all I am a good person. And if that is the case I would like to know about it. I replied. That is a very good question. You had no idea what you just said. The aliens looked at each other. I see. So what are you going to do then You asked me to go find some bongs and smoke em. They all laughed. But you did nt understand why they laughed. They had no idea how to laugh. They all looked at each other. We all laughed at the same time. Well I guess you can tell me. Do you know what it feels like to be alive You asked. My alien friend started to laugh. That is a very good question. I was surprised to hear that. That s really good. What do you mean by that I asked. A lot of people are thinking that we are dead. I thought for a moment. But we are alive and we are breathing. Can you explain that I asked. Of course. You know that we are dead. That is the only thing that makes sense. Then tell me what you mean by that. It was a long conversation. I felt that the aliens had not understood my question. They all laughed again. Well... I guess you could say that. I m a very happy guy. I have never felt so happy. Is that so much to ask No. That is just the truth. It seems like an understatement. You are a very happy guy. You have never felt so happy. Are you kidding me This was amazing. I could almost feel the happiness in my heart. I was suddenly very excited. I had never been happier in my life. I looked around and everything seemed so normal. But now I realized I was not happy. My alien friend was laughing too. I got up from my bed and walked to the bathroom. As soon as I stepped into the shower I knew what I needed to do. I threw on my bathrobe and went to the kitchen to grab some water. When I

. The man s voice was deep and raspy and the corners of his mouth turned into a smile. I was still asleep and could nt see any sign of him at all. It took me a moment to realize he was speaking in my ear. I d tried to stand up but I could nt. My knees buckled beneath me and I fell onto the floor. The man was right next to me but not just next to me. He was standing on top of me and he had a small grin on his face. Oh God he said in an almost robotic way. What are you doing here A woman s voice echoed from the back of the room. I m sorry sir I replied. He looked away and I could hear his breath coming out from behind the mask he wore. You re going to die. The woman began to speak again. And your children will be sent to live. But what do you want of them I asked. They ll have the same rights as you. There was no response. I could feel myself getting restless and the man was right. The children were meant to be sent to their parents. So who would they be I asked. She nodded. You know the one. He smiled and started to walk toward me. He had the same yellow eyes as my father and he was wearing a black suit and a white lab coat. I recognized him too. My mother. I realized that she was looking down at me. My father was right next to her. We were both walking towards the door. I opened it slowly and took in the sight. There were four people in front of me. A boy and a girl. Two women and one man. They were wearing masks. The boy had a large pair of glasses on his head and a big smile on his face. The girl had a large pair of glasses on her nose and a long white beard. She was smiling. She was nt holding anything close to her face. Her hair was blonde and her clothes were soft and dark. The man looked like he was about to cry but he was already staring at the other two people. His eyes were green and his skin was tan and it made me uncomfortable. This

... So I ve been doing this for a while now. But I m sure that if I do nt learn how to kill people I ll never know what s going on and there is no way that I can get back at the person who did it. This was the last one I d had in my life. I was at the top of my class. The class was getting into trouble but I managed to beat them all with a single blow. It was a very interesting test though I could never figure out how to make the bullet go through the head of the killer. But that was okay because I knew how to do it. That was how I had learned the technique. Now I sat in front of the teacher. His face was dark and he looked like he was about to cry. He opened his mouth but I cut him off. Did you just say I d kill you He asked. No I said. Then why would you murder me I shrugged. Well... you see I have an ability. I can turn my brain against myself. I guess it makes sense. I took the gun from his hand and turned it on himself. This was no ordinary gun. My power was nothing like his. I could feel his fear and my hands were shaking. What s going on here He said. I had no idea what he meant. He started to shake again. I m sorry. I said. I just got a bit confused. Why are you trying to kill me I asked. Because I need to know why you re trying to kill me. What are you talking about he said. I could feel the anger in his voice. Why do you think I m so scared of you I told you that I m a killer. You have to learn to stop using words like killers and people. And I m not a killer. I m just a murderer. You re not a murderer. I said. He looked up at me. I m not a murderer I said. You ca nt be a murderer. I said. He looked confused. I m not a murderer I said. You re not a murderer. You re just some psychopath who uses people as a weapon. You have to learn to use

END OF TRANSMISSION END OF TRANSMISSION The school bell rang as the students were shuffling back into their classrooms. The teacher had called for his students to leave in order to clear up a misunderstanding. A few students had tried to ignore him but he was always there when he needed to be. He was nt going to let any of them down though. It would be a little weird if it did nt have to be this way. It was the last day of high school and he was nt exactly a bully. As the last year went by he had become much more popular in class and so it was only a matter of time before his classmates began to notice that they had been getting a bit... agitated. And then it happened. He had gone out on his own two days ago to pick up some trash. The trash was full of trash and trash everywhere. He stopped at a couple of places and started picking up the trash. That was when it hit him. There were things all over the place. Not just things that looked like they were being tossed about. A lot of them. Some things were bigger than others. Like the one that had just landed right next to him. The other ones were bigger. They were filled with trash. There was no way that he could tell which ones were trash and which ones were trash. Then there were the ones that had been thrown everywhere. The worst thing was that there was a guy with a piece of garbage in his hands. He was nt really paying attention to it and he was definitely not paying attention to anything else. But he got to his feet and walked toward the trash bin. He picked it up and threw it aside. It was a small piece of paper that was actually pretty big. He read it aloud. I ve been assigned to this mission. I ve been tasked with protecting your people from the dangers of the world. You are to take a random person or group of people and dispose of them as best you can. In return they will be given something that belongs to you. He looked at the paper. It was a piece of paper. There was a note underneath it. It said Do nt worry about the

I m ready for this. I can feel it. The light of my life is shining through my eyes. My strength is so strong that it feels like my body is just going to break down. I ve always been good with people. I can see how they feel and how I know how to help them. I can feel the strength of their will to fight against me. I have never felt stronger. I am a hero. A hero. But why I ca nt find someone to fight for me. It s not like I have any friends. My parents are dead. My mother is gone. My brother is gone. They did nt want me to be the hero. That s when I saw it. The light of my life is shining through my eyes. I m getting better at fighting. I m becoming stronger. I m getting better at being the good guy. It s time to join forces with my nemesis.                                                          I m ready for this. I can feel it. The light of my life is shining through my eyes. I m getting better at fighting. I m becoming stronger. I m getting better at being the good guy. It s time to join forces with my nemesis. I m ready for this. I can feel it. The light of my life is shining through my eyes. I m getting better at being the good guy. It s time to join forces with my nemesis. I m ready for this. I can feel it. The light of my life is shining through my eyes. I m getting better at being the good guy. It s time to join forces with my nemesis. I m ready for this. I can feel it. The light of my life is shining through my eyes. I m getting better at being the good guy. It s time to join forces with my nemesis. I m ready for this. I can feel it. The light of my life is shining through my eyes. I m getting better at being the good guy. It s time to join forces with my nemesis. I m ready for this. I can feel it. The light of my life is shining through my eyes. I m getting better at being the good guy. It s time to join forces with my nemesis. I m ready for this. I can feel it. The light of my life is shining through my eyes. I m getting better at being the good guy. It s time to join forces with my nemesis. I m ready for this. I can feel it. The light of my life is shining through my eyes. I m getting better at being the good guy. It s time to join forces with my nemesis. I m ready for this. I can feel it. The light of my life is shining through my eyes. I m getting better at being the good guy. It s time to join forces with my nemesis. I m ready for this. I can feel it. The light of my life is shining through my eyes. I m getting better at being the good guy. It s time to join forces with my nemesis. I m ready for this. I can feel it. The light of my life is shining through my eyes. I m getting better at being the good guy. It s time to join forces with my nemesis. I m ready for this. I can feel it. The light of

The courtroom was full of people. The judge was leaning on his chair. It was a kind of small but very welcoming environment. He had to take in a lot of people. A couple hundred people. It was crowded with people who were waiting to be served food. The judges looked nervous. They sat around the table in silence. The judge looked at the crowd and made a face. I m sorry he said. But I want to serve you. He placed his hand on the table. What do you mean the judge asked. You re here for food court. He pointed at the front of the room. There were hundreds of people there. People who were hungry and wanted to eat. He walked over to the judge. He smiled at him. He raised his hand. Is this a joke The judge nodded. Of course it s a joke. Do nt worry. He turned and walked away from the judge. The judge watched as he left the courtroom. He was surprised by how many people were in attendance. It was almost like a big mob. Everyone just stared at him. He walked down the hall to the front of the room. He was going to order the food. He walked up to the judge who was already seated. Welcome to the food court. I hope you enjoy your meal. The judge took a bite of his food. He opened his mouth. And... he started. But I can tell that there are some things you wo nt understand about me. I am a very strict person and I have no tolerance for those who make a mistake. I am a very strict person and I have no tolerance for anyone who tries to make a mistake. He grabbed the judge s arm. I want to tell you something. If you do nt eat I will be forced to take you to the maximum security prison you could ever imagine. I ve been here since I was a child. I ve seen more than my fair share of bad people. I do nt know how you could call them bad people. The judge shook his head. They are bad people. I am not the bad one. I am the good one. He put a hand on his side. So then you re telling me that I ca nt just

The boy and his girlfriend were walking home after a long day at work. The sun was setting on their faces and they could see the red of their cheeks as they took in the sight of each other. He had spent the last hour of the day looking over his shoulder to make sure no one was watching him and he could nt see anyone else. It s high school the girl said. She looked up from her phone. Yeah. Yeah that s it. I do nt have much time. The boy answered. I m sorry the girl replied. How did you know The boy asked. Because you asked. The girl smiled. That s why I said that she replied. So what do you want to talk about The girl looked at him for a moment before answering. About what I... about... you re not supposed to be doing this anymore. You re not allowed to come back. They walked off together into the night. As they got closer to the door the girl noticed something strange. When they reached the door the boy pulled it open and stared into the face of his girlfriend. She was staring right back at him. She was wearing a dark blue skirt that fell to her knees. Her hair was a little bun and she had a nice set of blue eyes. She looked at him and smiled. Hey are you okay I m fine. But it s time for bed. The girl said. The boy let out a sigh and looked down at his phone. He checked the time and saw that it was three oclock. The girl looked up from her phone again. The boy nodded. Good night she said. He gave her a kiss on the cheek and she closed her eyes. The next morning he woke up with a start. He grabbed his bag and headed outside. He went to his car but his phone had gone off. He looked around and saw nothing. He opened his eyes and found that his phone had been turned off. He looked inside his pocket and saw that there was a note on it. It read I m sorry. I hope you like me. The boy looked around and saw a pair of headphones in his pocket. He thought for a moment and then decided to put them on. He walked towards the garage where he

... It is my pleasure to inform you that your last appointment with me will be at pm on th January. A single tear fell from his eye as he took in a deep breath. He stood up from the chair and walked to the bathroom. As he stepped out he felt a warm sensation running down his spine. His eyes were glazed over and he could see tears streaming down his face. His wife was standing there holding her head in her hands. She looked sad. Her smile was genuine but her eyes were blue. They were sad. Tears began to well up in his eyes. God did nt know what to do. The world had changed for the better the old man realized. He d lived a life filled with mistakes and sorrows. The world had always been cruel to him. But this was different. He wanted to make a change for the better. He wanted to help people. To make something bigger than himself exist. He did nt know what to say or do. He just knew that he had to make it work. He started to feel nervous and his heart began to race. He pulled away from her and closed his eyes. He felt the world shake as she began to cry. She began to sob uncontrollably. He tried to comfort her but she kept crying. He could nt. He started to laugh. And then he saw her. She was beautiful. And that s when he realized that he had lost everything. His job his house his family. All of his love and joy. All gone. He closed his eyes and stared into the mirror. His hand trembled. He grabbed his towel and wiped his face. He ran his hand along the sides of his face. He wiped his eyes again and let out a sigh. He got up and went to his car. He drove to his office. He started to drive home. He sat on the side of the road and watched as the rain poured down. He turned on the radio. He did nt hear anything but the sounds of a car coming down the road. He smiled and went back inside. He looked out the window and saw his wife crying. He opened the door and saw her slumped against the wall sobbing. He went to her and

Kanye had just been released from a monthlong coma and was on his way to the hospital. He was still recovering after having a seizure and his brain surgeon had told him he would need a few more days to recover. The doctor was nt sure what to do with Kanye but he was in no mood to go down without a fight. So the doctors had decided to call it a day and let him know that his brain tumor was back on track. As he walked into the hospital Kanye realized that he had been sitting in a room for hours. He was still in shock but he felt very good about himself. After some time he was able to get up and walk over to the computer where he was working. He started typing into a small box and opened a folder. He quickly searched for something important to look at but nothing came up. Instead he typed into the file. You have been diagnosed with an aggressive brain tumor. We have done a thorough check and are ready to begin treatment. You will be free of any cognitive impairment during the procedure. Thank you for your cooperation. He looked around the room for a few moments before he finally saw the doctor. His eyes widened in surprise as he saw the doctor s face. What is wrong with you I am sorry to hear that. I thought you were fine. How do you feel about this surgery He could nt believe his ears. It took him months to get used to the new brain and he knew that he was in for another one. He closed his eyes and waited for the moment when the doctor would give him a nod or a thumbs up. When he did nt get a response he opened his eyes again and saw the doctor standing next to him. He smiled and asked him what he was doing here. I m sorry sir but we have no choice. If you wish to proceed with surgery then you will have to pay a fee. The doctor nodded and said something to him. Then he turned to Kanye who was now in shock and confusion. I know that I should be happy that you re here but I ve never been happier. Why are you doing this I mean I m not really happy. But I m so glad that I m alive. The doctor chuckled and replied That s

It was late at night when the news came out. The day before that there were reports of a large earthquake in Hawaii. The world had gone into a panic and the governments of the world were trying to figure out what was going on. After a few days the government finally figured it out. They started a search for a new map. They found a map that showed Hawaii as being in the center of the island but was incorrect. The people of Hawaii were terrified they would lose their home. Their family and friends were scared. People began to move out of their homes leaving behind their belongings. Everyone wanted to get back to their families. But most of all the people of Hawaii wanted to go home. They did nt want to be alone anymore. They had no choice but to stay here. They decided to visit an old man who lived down the street from them. He was a little overweight and wore a pair of blue jeans. He told them that he was looking for a place to sleep after work. After walking around for a few hours he asked them if they knew where they were going. They said yes and walked up the stairs to his house. They then went inside and stayed under the bed. They watched as the man slept in his bed. The next morning they woke up and saw him lying on the floor. His clothes were stained red with blood. They looked around and saw a few things. One of them was a box of food that was covered in dried fish. They then noticed that the food was not from the fish but from the man who had been eating it. They then went to the man s room and got into his bed. They then went back upstairs and put on some clothes and waited until the man was asleep. Then they went downstairs and checked the box on his bedroom door. It was open. They put on some clothes and went upstairs to see what the man was doing. They then went downstairs and went to the kitchen. They ate breakfast and went to the window. The sun was shining through the windows so they could see the sky. As they were about to leave the window a man came up from behind the couch and pulled a gun out of his bag. The man then opened fire on them. He then

also I really need to go. i m sorry i have nt written for this prompt yet and this is my first ever post on here so please let me know what you think I ll do next. It s been a while since I ve wrote anything here. I just wanted to write something I could relate to. I have nt written anything in a long time but I ve been writing a lot lately. I hope you enjoy it. I ve been studying for the past week or so and I think it s finally time to start work. I ve always had this fascination with martial arts and I m working towards my degree in that area. I was born in China and raised in Germany until I moved to America where I studied at a college and eventually got a job as a teacher in a nearby community. As I grew older and started to learn more of my martial arts I began to see a great potential in myself. I thought I would be a warrior. But the more I studied the more I realized that I was not one. I looked around me and saw nothing but my old friend. My wife and I were both dead. Her body was found in the woods about miles away from my home. A few days later I went out to check on her. She was dead but she was alive. I ran out of food and water and there were no other survivors. I spent the next few weeks looking for another person to help. The only thing I found was my old friend. He was walking along the road when he decided to stop and look at me. He then grabbed his sword and said Hey what are you doing here What happened Do nt worry man we re fine. Just stay inside and wait for us to come back. I nodded slowly. I was just about to say that when he walked over and spoke up. You know I ve been waiting for you for months. We re getting closer now. I nodded again and he smiled back. I just want to talk about your life. I know I have nt told you much but I feel like I should tell you something. My life is pretty boring right now. I have been living a simple life until recently. I ve been fighting a lot of bad guys trying to get

the old man said as he put his hand on my shoulder. It s alright I whispered back. We all know that s what they want. But you can do it. If you just tell me who you are. The old man nodded. I m a scientist. You know me well. I think of myself as a physicist. I ve worked on theoretical physics. I ve tried and failed everything. I know what I have to do. And what I ll do is go into space. That will be the first step. The old man said. I nodded. He nodded again. So I can be there with him. I ve been doing this for years. I ve seen every day of the past year. I ve watched everyone change. I ve made a difference. I ve seen people come back to life. I ve even helped with the cancer fight. I saw the world evolve. I was there when they started their plans. They were great people. I was there when they started their revolution. I ve seen them take down the dictator. I ve seen them die. I ve seen the lives they had. I ve seen the death of millions. I ve seen their bodies fall to the ground. I ve seen their bones crumble. I ve seen the world end. I ve seen the lives we had to live. I ve seen the life we would have to live. I ve seen the life we would have to live. I ve seen the life we would have to live. I ve seen the lives we could have had. I ve seen the lives we could have lived. I ve seen the lives we could have lived. I ve seen the lives we could have had. I ve seen the lives we could have had. I ve seen the lives we could have had. I ve seen the lives we could have had. I ve seen the lives we could have had. I ve seen the lives we could have had. I ve seen the lives we could have had. I ve seen the lives we could have had. I ve seen the lives we could have had. I ve seen the lives we could have had. I ve seen the lives we could have had. I ve seen the lives we could have had. I ve

In a world where everyone has super powers you have to choose between being a good person or a villain. So here s my story about how I chose to become a superhero in a world where everyone has super powers...  So I was walking down the street when I heard a loud bang and then a crack. I looked up and saw a man standing there holding a gun in his hands. He had no other options but to shoot me. My eyes widened as I watched him take aim at the man and then fire a shot into the air before he died. The bullet ricocheted off the wall behind him and went straight through him. As it came out of the man s mouth the bullets flew across the sky and landed on me. I stared at him confused for a second before I realized what happened. The man was dead from a bullet wound to the head. My heart started racing as I ran towards the man. I could nt think straight. What did I do to deserve this I thought to myself. I looked around. There were only people in this world with superpowers. And they all seemed to be in good health. My heart beat faster. This is nt right. I thought to myself. I stood up and walked towards the man. I looked at the man s face and realized that it was very serious. His face was covered in blood and he was bleeding badly. I ran towards him and he collapsed. My heart stopped beating. I turned around and ran to the car. I got out of the car and began to walk home. But when I approached the man he was already dead. I walked back to my car and pulled out my gun. I fired three shots into the car. They fell apart. I had to do something. I started to walk away when I heard the gunshot again. I looked back at the man who was still lying there in the middle of the street. I looked at him and said You know I ca nt take this anymore. I m sorry. 



The mouse was moving across my field of vision. I did nt want to let this happen but it had been two weeks since I saw the thing. It was nt even that long ago now I could nt remember what happened to him. It was just like every other day I would wake up and go to work. My boss would tell me about how he always loved my work and how he was going to do his job well for the rest of the week. I never thought I d be in such a position. I got home and sat down on my couch. I had only just gotten out of bed when a man grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the bathroom. He pulled me closer to the mirror and smiled at me. His smile felt familiar. He looked very proud of himself. He held back tears as he told me all about the day we were going to meet. He explained how we would make a fortune together. How his family was a good friend to him. We went on to live a great life together. We were a happy couple. I have nt seen him since.                                Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry if it s bad. Edit I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to format the story. Sorry

