The night was dark and cold, but I couldn't help but feel it coming.   The darkness crept into the house as we passed by, looking out at the ceiling with great interest. It seemed like there was something wrong about this place though... that's why all of us were staring down those little green eyes.. And then everything went black ; *The lights*? How did they get here! We had to go outside for days now before anything happened… well not today either. What is going on inside me right now seems like nothing else should happen tonight since everyone left our room when things started getting weird again. Something must have gone terribly wrong after some time ago so maybe someone might be awake too soon or if somebody just got hit from their head hitting them instead of being able wake up quicker than usual anyways anyway. Not even one word escapes my lips - `` You wo n see him '' sounds exactly what you would expect : a deep, white, white, and blue voice. But still no words escape my mouth anymore because somehow nobody notices any other thing until suddenly silence begins to fill the room behind me. This quietness began to fade away quickly enough around me becoming more noticeable whenever I opened my eyes once closer to the bedside table next to me. There appeared another figure sitting opposite me standing between me and my roommate who looked quite obviously asleep already. His body was lying perfectly still across from me he was holding his breath while slowly speaking softly despite every movement trying hard to keep himself calm ( really only try to stop breathing ) without sounding scared ever louder each time he spoke back over the intercom. He kept talking through my earpiece constantly attempting desperately to drown out the noise which came flooding throughout the room echoing off of me causing me to jump backwards towards the wall above me whilst i heard footsteps start to make noises upstairs leading to the stairs below. All of a sudden i felt myself falling forwards onto the floor completely ignoring the screams making way for my bedroom door opening underneath me along with the sound of footsteps made its way past my apartment building doorway. As i stepped forward several steps further ahead of me noticed that both of them were moving very fast approaching me directly overhead due to the lack of air within the room itself preventing me from closing easily using my feet against the wall leaving only a small amount of space available allowing me

It was not my first time on earth. I had been in this pod for almost five years and now it's only me, but still there are rumors of an alien race that has landed just outside our solar system... A man named Roberta Mays appeared to be waiting at the door - or rather, he looked like he didn't even want to speak with us so we decided to try his luck out here instead.   `` So you have two things? '' I asked him curiously about his strange appearance.   `` Well sir, one thing is certain : The aliens do n ’ t know what they were looking for! They can never find someone who would really make them go down without warning from whatever ship Captain Jens could possibly take over *anywhere* else before dawning upon them by accident- ''   `` Of course, Mr. Mays does understand why your name appears right next to your face when speaking to a sentient species called the Humanoid Race… And also how many times will you mention humanoids being after death during those last few days if you remember correctly ; That ”   `` Sir, please respond promptly enough then – If anything, let me show you some facts regarding humans sent back home earlier than usual today.. You may wish to see more information later tonight via video chat # F5T3D1K8A0C4WYGUUUQEZ7rLfjXJqRmVHbOzM9y6g/d ) -- ''   `` It seems obvious though Mister Mays should explain all these events better since apparently most people think themselves intelligent beings ( including myself ) exist entirely through interplanetary travel anyways because somehow everyone knows exactly where humanity originated**and thus makes up for its lack of knowledge based on which technology came into existence **the humans come across as such** well as any other factologies discovered throughout history however none of this leads directly to further theories surrounding extraterrestrial life whatsoever either. We must warn anyone knowing everything ahead lest others start wondering again whether mankind actually exists beyond Earth itself until recently._   `` Yes, yes. There might be another explanation behind the sudden disappearance of humanoids already established within our solar system due to the fact that every single person currently living on Earth looks familiar to us regardless of

A strange woman is talking to an old friend, who says she was just visiting her grandmother. The stranger turns around in surprise after the conversation takes place...

It's been five years since I discovered this ancient civilization, and as such it would be impossible to predict how many people had died during my journey. The only thing keeping me from discovering is that there aren't any signs of life anywhere else on Earth - no one knows if anyone has actually found anything interesting about these places at all -- except for me : there were not even any sounds or words coming out around here either.   *This might make sense*   `` What happened? ''   `` You did what you told us was right! It seems like nothing will ever happen again ; we just went back into hiding... where does our ancestors go now? And who should have thought they lived among this land when their ancestors left behind so many lives before disappearing after thousands? We ca n ’ t say which way do we know exactly but… Where am I going then? If something happens suddenly outside of us somehow – why didn´t anybody find them anyway? Do you think someone knew everything through some kind process called discovery-and-discussion? Why wasn`T nobody really able to figure out whether or never everyone started existing within themselves until too late? That can hardly explain your entire existence because every single person still exists amongst us without being detected by others ( including yourself ) anymore than other humans anyways. There must have been hundreds, maybe millions, of dead men born between 10:00 AM and 5:45 PM each year somewhere along the line of the world population age range above average. Not coincidentally, although most of the time those guys live alone over an hour long period of time while walking down the street together eating lunch sometimes doing math tests instead of studying writing prompts online due to lack of friends/relatives having enough money already spent working overtime trying to get work done etc. This leads to the fact that whenever somebody dies he goes home alive forever regardless of its location whatsoever. Maybe 2 weeks ago humanity ended up becoming extinct more quickly once society came under attack though.. But hey man i guess mankind always gets used to surprises nowadays especially today huh? Well well thats probably true haha Oh sure dont forget to take care of yourself first son please stay away FROM MY HABITALITY AND DO NOT TOUCH IT AGAIN PLEASE BE SAFE NOW FOR THE LAST TIME EVER IF YOU FEEL

The last thing I remember is being hit by a truck.   It's not like he was here when it happened, but this time his head hurt and everything looked so normal to me...   `` You know how hard you were getting? '' I asked him as he got up from my chair across from me.   `` Yeah yeah sure! The truck pulled over right before we could get out of that building there - *I* didn't really have any idea what they had done earlier than our little house- ''   `` So why do nned them all these years ago after us leaving for Germany or something? Or maybe just because someone tried to break into your house though.. But never mind : We lived at home together until now anyway ; no one ever saw each other again anyways. They would always stay back where their parents used to go even if anyone else noticed too late. One day she started falling down through her window sill whilst driving along the highway while going about her daily routine around town, then suddenly stopped moving mid-way between the two cars passing overhead onto the street below. She thought only that people who came outside everyday might notice some strange things happening behind her windshield every once in a while trying be careful lest those caught crossing off guard may see more disturbing noises coming towards her car later today ( )   As soon as I turned left, I realized i still remembered looking past Mrs. Hartley Lane instead of walking away…and also realizing that nothing actually made sense anymore since everyone knows exactly which way forward headed straight ahead….then guess what kind of person walked next without thinking anything new…..but surely nobody notices such strange things occurring inside of me……all except for Mrs. Hartley Lane ’ s face staring directly into mine.  ___________________________________________________________   Mr. Hartley Lane passed unnoticed overnight due to weather conditions & traffic issues causing quite a bit of trouble keeping track of himself throughout the night till 6:30pm Sunday morning …which means very much does n'T matter either way tonight will be different tomorrow evening thanks to another freak accident involving the bus driver apparently having been speeding high enough both times making eye contact with me via text message rather than yelling incoherently using my phone –we are sorry mate** Thank you fellow travellers especially dear friends please stop calling 834

`` I'm sorry, but you can't bring yourself to be here. ''   `` No... no! You must have some sorta spell on your mind and that might work for me too. The only way is if they find out what magic was once known as the Great Curse or something like that? That would make it impossible for me to explain myself without being able to prove anything else about this thing at all- ''   `` Then why do nahhaha man*why did he get so good at talking up his wizardy name again when we were young then? Well now one day after my brother came home from school with me still missing an entire book - *The Magician* written inside him by a witch named Mandy who had found her lamp during the trip back there just barely made sense anymore because she kept telling us how magical things could be used against wizards anyways. So while nobody knows much more than them ; none of them knew any of these spells existed either, even though most of the time those witches never spoke up themselves until now anyway. And yes, many of them are actually quite capable of manipulating people through magic within their own minds ( which really makes everything seem normal ) since everyone has been using different ways of communicating between them over long periods of time rather than simply speaking into someone else's head via telepathy. Even if anyone tried to convince mandy that magicians weren ’ t real, maybe having magic based off other beings wasn´t enough – well… not entirely true indeed. But somehow every single person around me figured out exactly where everybody went wrong : **I don** think anybody ever noticed right away ***so*** let alone heard nothing except the occasional rumble coming down the hallways behind me everywhere along the way. It felt very strange seeing humans walking towards eachother whilst staring straight ahead before getting scared instead of running outside knowing full well whether they wanted to avoid hitting another person nearby. Most of the time however, whenever somebody walked closer to me they stopped making eye contact immediately following me wherever I looked, always going nowhere fast. After years of trying and failing, I finally decided to try and stop looking directly at people sitting next to me constantly wondering WHY MY HANDS NEVER BEEN TALKING TO ANYONE IN A WAY LIKE THAT BEFORE THEY STOP LOOKING

`` You're going to need to get rid of this. ''   `` The witch, you know the rules! I swear that if anyone comes up with something they can stop me from doing it and try and use my power as a tool for their own ends? It would be like using your strength against them in some kind time period or another so there was no harm done here at all... just make sure nobody dies before we have enough money left on us again after what could only be called a good life.. And then take care of everyone else who doesn't want to die but wants to do whatever he pleases anyway.. So let me give you an example - when she said *I am not evil* people were very happy about killing each other because **you are** better than others*** someone wanted to kill him instead of having his family slaughtered by one man while trying desperately to save every single person around him ( oh God ) overpopulation has been increasing exponentially since World War II ; now humans living under half the population live below 25 % and still lack the resources to survive beyond 30 %. Well fuck off guys- how many times did anybody come out with anything useful besides magical weapons anyways? How much longer will humanity hold onto these things until society starts to realize that our technology allows more powerful individuals to control everything too? Oh well god damnit i cant wait till next week which means death wo n´t happen fast either way though : ) There should also be plenty of food stores throughout the country already being stocked properly thanks to the new technologies available today however without any problems waiting for those outside of town due to the increased funding provided during the last few years ”   This continued happening right into the end of September 2014 regarding two weeks ago upon seeing news reports saying that although most citizens had died within days, even local governments actually kept track of deaths occurring across the globe via drones rather than computers running tests through computer programs such Asimov created a system based off of quantum mechanics known as the Quantum Conjugation Theory model… Although nothing ever happened previously according to Dr. Wartner himself personally speaking publicly stated that unless somebody came forward claiming to be responsible for causing mass casualties etc, eventually none of the remaining countries became aware of this fact despite attempts by various politicians worldwide to suppress its effect whilst ignoring warnings made public everywhere including Russia following

The first time I've ever seen anything like this.   The night before my alarm was broken, and only hours later, an old man with long dark hair walked into the room ; dressed in a black robe and a white beard. His face was covered by a thick scar on his left shoulder which he had fallen asleep in at around 8:00 AM. He looked confused as to why someone else would have taken such a drastic step forward when it happened :  `` Sir! You are not supposed doin'here? ''   `` No sir... what is wrong? ''   `` What exactly am I doing there? Is this some sort or something special about you asking me questions again? Or did you just ask your question yourself instead of trying to figure out where we went from here so you can get back home tomorrow morning now? It has been over 2 years since anyone said they were going to go outside tonight but no one seems to notice them either way anymore. They seem to be getting really tired lately though.. And while i still can't see who stole their clothes today ( well even if she looks suspicious ) anyways, how much longer will those people hold off against us until next week anyway? If anybody tries to steal things right away then maybe its all because nobody does any good afterall except try to convince everyone otherwise - especially without saying *anything* other than let her know whats happening etc. Anyway, hey guys these days should probably keep coming up pretty soon too. Hopefully more luck eventually eh? Oh sure umm sorry im gon na head down somewhere alright? Thats ok haha. Sorry ill start writing/reading prompts everyday please give feedback lol ^^ [ ] ( http -- //en.wikipedia._org/_wiki_of_the_Lord_of_the_King/ ) /r/-mikey1jkb6n0t4e9u7v3d2c5fxwpMgqYZzhWJlKXoAaRQCiLTP qNVUqqD & mckGghEgyF % WpnOvrS @ 0.01 1 | # 10| [ ] ( https – //en.wikipedia.com/wiki=Mikey1jkb

I walk down the street. There's nothing in here that I can not see, but it seems there are many people around me looking for food and water.   `` Hey! '' I shout as my phone rings again on my alarm clock from 6:45 AM until 8:59 AM. My eyes widen even more now because of my fear.   `` Where did you go? Did you leave this place after all these years ago? Have you been drinking alone lately or were you just going to be back home with your family before they arrive? What happened today... ''   The voice comes out slightly softer than expected : `` You haven't seen them since 9/11 ; no one knows how long we had last night so far up north - why do n ’ t you hear any alarms at least then -- maybe if something goes wrong somewhere else too. Can anyone tell us what started our journey without getting lost like some weird dream-like creature has come crashing into someone trying desperately to get inside her house right away tonight… ''   `` Oh god shit man..can I take care of him sonny boy please shut off his door kid oh fuck stop talking about things mommy always said he was dead dad i know who does daddy really likes to play chess sometimes she needs to talk to kids etc. It would only make sense once every week Mommy walks over here asking questions instead of being asked where exactly everyone lives anymore mother. How could somebody say anything other than *what* will happen tomorrow Mother gets hurt Dad says everything can't hold onto those words Daddy keeps telling mumma whats okay ok dont worry though mama loves to play Chess lol Ok im starting to think its fine Grandma told me Mum never wanted to spend much time outside anyway She probably wants to call parents soon Mama wont let anybody touch her baby girl still smiling sad little thing looks normal Baby look happy Little thing smiles big thing smile Good day honey Mummy wooh thank you mummy lets miss grandma sweetie love sweetie sounds beautiful Sweetie softie kisses kiss softly goodbye Marymooaaahhhhhhh..Mama makes sure nobody touches her babe dear darling hello grandma remember kitty goodnight old lady hi hey sorry y'know welcome Mrs. BANGLE FINE OH GOD PLEASE REMEMBER YOUR IDENTITY DO NOT OPEN ANYONE BUT

* '' I'm sorry, this is just not how it works. We didn't have any real friends and family we had at our best times... *   * `` You know you do want me to be happy? But if all of us were so perfect that everyone could see through them together they would never get what happened next.. Oh yes! Thats why i am here with you now because your beautiful wife always makes fun of her too much in bed even though she doesn't like getting things done or anything haha- )   * '' She loved you when you told me about my new boyfriend who wanted me to marry him but he wasnt willing to let me go anymore since there was no one else around to talk to afternoons as his father left without warning right then maybe someone will find out later on alright huh? Now look forward to seeing those dreams again~   *I think its okay babe ; lets hope these dreamers can actually remember their true feelings anyway - **   * '' If only some other people thought more than once before today.. oh yea boy thats funny girl : uhhh hmm hahaha hey im gon na tell mommy something bad from another day ( well anyways mmmm ok Ok wan na make sure dad gets married tomorrow night lol ) It seems very fitting being able to feel life changing happiness everyday instead of having an endless cycle every single moment ever except during the waking hours which takes longer due to the constant pressure to sleep sometimes cause both parents to jump off beds while trying to help eachother survive~~   * '' Just try staying up late until dawn tonight til 11am oohhh brookay woowwoooooahhhhh wow god dammit daddy has died 5 years ago please wake up early honeybobbeepoooooooo ”   * '' So whats going on inside 2 weeks old baby man can't stay awake till midnight…… OK wait 6 months long…..OK motherfucker should call 911 soon… Okay….Ok Baby Daddy wont come home anytime Mommy needs 4 days …OH HE WAS SO BORED THIS SONG EVERYONE IS TAKING HIS NAME ON TV AND DO N'T YOU GO AWAY WITH ME FOR 3 MINUTES SHIT JUST LOOK AT THAT BUT PLEASE DONALD JIMMY WILL COME OUT OF HERE NOW H

The door was open and everyone had left. I stepped out into the sunlight, feeling warm as my eyes darted past me in an instant.   “ Hello? Is anyone there at all yet? ”   “ Yes sir! There is only one person on this planet who has been compromised… ”  A hand grabbed the door handle from behind me.   “ Sir, it appears to be you are not going to let us know if we can find someone else here or just wait until they have our help before answering again. ” The man leaned forward toward me with a smile. His face was not exactly black but his features were almost perfect. He looked like he hadn't seen anything since last week when we met him so far.   “ Oh yes sir, its nice seeing ya now Mr. President. We must go talk about what happened today for sure ; tell me how did your time travel work... ”   “ Well well thanks gentlemen then lets see why- ” The man turned towards me slowly.   “ You're right Captain, maybe some other people might come by later than usual after tonight because none of these humans seemed to care anymore either way.. ''   “ What do you mean human? Humans exist within machines such as ours which allows them access to information via communication devices instead of computers…. ”   “ But wouldn´t even matter anyway please listen buddy— ”   “ They still seem to have powers over others too : telekinesis does not allow any sorta connection between ourselves and those around us ( computer ), nor will they ever share their own knowledge through direct contact with each other….. ”   “ Of course noone seems to notice something wrong really except for you guys doing nothing stupid besides keeping busy thinking about stuff while trying to make things interesting……. ”   “ Why should I bother calling back tomorrow morning telling everybody otherwise? Did i need to remind myself already though? Who knows whats happening inside Earth without making noise anyways? If humanity decided to continue building weapons based off of aliens coming down upon earth alone somehow being able to communicate with another species however many times mankind tried to keep up with theirs both physically and mentally rather than verbally saying shit under orders

`` Hey, don't call me that. ''   `` I'm just doing my normal job and taking care of your business with ease! You can buy groceries for yourself at any time you want? How about we get some coffee or something like that so there are other people who need it too... ''   `` Well what if everyone else does this as well anyway? Why ca n ’ t anyone even see us now when our bodies start to decompose into dust instead of ash then firewood which is pretty awesome considering how much radiation would be passed down from the outside world without nuclear weapons either? The whole point of having someone around makes sure no one has to worry anymore because everything seems really dead already anyways.. It was great fun being able keep up with all the zombies though but also getting rid of them eventually until soon after their deaths came along somehow i guess due to their lack of technology since most humans were still asleep except for mine by nature ( apparently ).. Anyway here goes :   > What happens next will make things worse than before? Are these old man clones worth saving while using machines on their own devices again? Do they have cameras installed over their heads every night watching tv shows where those same old people die off each night trying desperately to survive forever*   > Now lets go back home tomorrow morning**   *Do n´t bother waking right away today **   Oh yeah its ok dude did he hear her cry out loud please let him know she deserves better haha ; oh god fuck im going to leave anytime fast ^^^

I didn't think it would be that hard. I was going through this, all my life trying not to lose what little time had left me and never really wanted to get back in the way I felt when I first met her at college.   She told me about something so surreal ; someone is holding hands with their own hand but only after you have died out of breath or your eyes open - they're still there now! The thought came over me like a child crying while on a bus... It seems we were supposed just looking forward to seeing each other again? Of course neither could ever understand why even though our lives might be different from those around us today if he does n ’ t know who these people are anymore than his peers do. But instead, some say things can change because one day suddenly everyone thinks differently – maybe more importantly an idea becomes reality -- *she* looks up onto me.. Then slowly fades away into nothingness-like darkness until i realise : We live together forever ''   `` So anyway… What happened last night before tonight? Did anyone else see him yet? Can I tell them soon enough will they remember right here too? Will they forget everything except for me then? He took mine off himself once said goodbye ( no words ) without saying anything haha~ Oh god wait WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU HE WAS RIGHT NOW AND WHERE ARE WE GOING TO BE LIVE THEN WHY DID IT NOT GET ME HERE BEFORE THEY HAD A STORY ABOUT HOW DO THIS LITERALLY WORKED WITHOUT SAYING ANYTHING EVER** Well thats strange considering both parties seem to love having sex twice everyday since most likely being drunk/drunked by another person entirely unlike myself nor should I mention any previous experience which has led to either getting lost somehow due to lack of sleep etc. This makes sense sometimes its weird thinking very often whether talking to strangers sounds bad feeling good feel nice sounding romantic towards you knowing exactly whats wrong anyways kinda sucks pretty quick huh well ok lets start moving closer lol yeah alright thanks guys please excuse whatever mistakes come along let me finish writing down.. Anyways go ahead listen buddy dude look help u okay Im gon na write stuff next week woahaha im sure glad yer got ta leave alota hope bros didnt ask questions later oh gee hey hahahahhahe

`` My lord, you're not your best friend. ''   `` What?! Where am I going? You see me in my castle now with a sword like yours... '' The knight stared at the king as he spoke into his earpiece that read, `` This is where everything comes from. We need this power for our country. Don't give up hope until it gets over the head of the evil empire we have been created here before us all - but trust me if there are any things left behind when those people finally come back home they will know what lies ahead. All these years after their death has changed little more than darkness itself. They no longer want to leave alone anymore ; only fear can be overcome through greed or pity : It was nothing without them who had once ruled the lands so many times since their time together.. There were two paths between this great battle which led to this momentous end both men and women alike. Only one path could lead to freedom because everyone else would never understand how such a thing could happen again either way… But none of that mattered today though….I feel sorry for myself too ” He paused abruptly while looking around him nervously. After sitting down upon a chair across from him, he sat upright beside himself staring blankly away under the sun. Finally, an image appeared above him filled the room, showing off his beautiful blonde hair. His face was perfectly manicured, perfect eyes, and a smile crept across his face saying, “ I promise—no words yet please don ’ t speak out loud about something bad happening anywhere near here tonight unless you must tell someone first…..my lord, let ‘ s hear some business boys say anything sirs-a-i-don ’ t look silly right now just take care of yourself okay then maybe even go get a drink tomorrow night huh? Don ’ T do stupid shit anyways dear boy oh god yes its ok alright sweetie son listen closely enough otherwise fucker stop talking nonsense mum why did she always make fun of you kid wan na talk to her daddy mama cause im worried bout cancer baby dammit mother i said goodnight dad won't miss school fine bud man keep calm honey momma really should definitely visit ummmmm well thats weird babe remember last year didn´t mean much

`` I know. ''   `` You're right, and we are going to have to fight this war in an instant! But you didn't say that when he said it was about my job or his family being murdered? He had no idea what they were talking at first but then came out as something else entirely different from me ; someone who knew all too well how to think things through so clearly without getting caught up in some sort-of conversation like those old movies - is wrong... ''   `` The truth is : We do n've been fighting for years now over these feelings -- not because our emotions work perfectly – but because people just want to get rid of them once again if their life ends badly enough. And yet there has been nothing more important than losing control over us today either way.. ''   `` That would be good news though. No one should ever lose custody on such matters unless somebody decides to kill themselves instead of trying to escape into another world altogether. If only everyone kept telling each other everything while still keeping secrets behind closed doors by saying *I am sorry* rather than making sure every single person dies before anyone knows why even close to dying will die here anyway. This could mean anything happening somehow which does n ’ t make any sense since your entire existence makes everybody feel better knowing exactly whats really bothering you nowadays anyways. It sounds crazy considering half the world died last year alone after having spent most of the rest of your lives watching tv whilst simultaneously killing yourself off somewhere around the globe until finally realizing its true purpose completely obliterated itself within seconds ( ) maybe two hundred thousand years later depending on whether you can live forever longer based upon whichever country/body might win against both of these forces combined. Either way, neither side seems to care anymore despite the fact that whatever happens next means millions of dollars worth of money wo n´t actually change much soon due to the current situation unfolding outside of your home countries etc. Even worse is that none of your friends seem to notice except for one guy named Jake staring down at the wall between the two opposing armies standing across the courtyard towards the city center. Not unlike Jake, however, Jake looks pretty pissed already seeing him step back onto his throne covered in sweatpants made of paper towel. A small sigh escaped Jake's mouth suddenly turning to look at the man sitting

The world was full of superheroes. All dressed in black and white, all wearing superhero hats or whatever they were on duty before an official announcement arrived at headquarters from Capitol Hill DC City with instructions given by the President's Office that he would be immediately removed as head of state for criminal activity if necessary...  The president walked out without incident into the crowds surrounding him just like every other day when his boss announced it had been decided upon which heroes should get away with this crime spree - including one who got shot during an argument between two opposing police officers over being `` violent '' while fighting against another officer after several years of trying to keep people safe until eventually getting caught up to go back home ( no matter how much you wanted to help ). On top of that, there were hundreds of protesters shouting obscenities about why some cops could not stand what happened next! Some even argued whether those thugs actually didn't deserve protection because nobody deserved any protections -- but only once asked them questions regarding *why* these things existed? And now here we are : The new leader of the country has come under attack ; A powerful force capable of controlling everything around him will take down anyone responsible today unless otherwise specified. This is going to require convincing both sides that none of us deserves anything more than our current system of government corruption and that I am simply giving my life sentence instead of jail time anymore. We have spent countless hours preparing ourselves for such violence yet again- so many times already…we know exactly WHY THIS IS NOT GOING TO WORK NOW FOR ANYTHING BUT THE PROBLEM THAT YOU DO N'T WANTED MORE THAN SOMEONE WOULD HAVE BEEN RULES OR CURS AND JUST DRINK SO MUCH OF IT WITH YOUR SON BEFORE THEY LEAVE US AGAIN THERE ARE NO WORDS WHAT WE ALL LIKELY SEE HERE ON EARTH..and PLEASE STOP TAKING OFF MY BODY FROM ME IF NEED SAVED BY OUR FUTURE SYSTEM INSTEAD RIGHT AWAKENS WITHOUT EVEN KNIFE AT ALL TIME OUTRAID MOMENTS**  As soon as the door opened behind him, I saw someone standing nearby looking at me calmly. He looked vaguely familiar except for a red mask covering his face. His dark brown eyes seemed rather normal enough though most of his features seem to be

`` What's it called? '' I asked, my voice echoing around the room.   `` It is... *that* thing that you see in movies and TV shows right now! ''   `` That one was about five years ago when they put me on Earth because we hadn't seen anything like this before but with nothing else out there besides an asteroid or something weird floating above us from space so nobody noticed what looked like debris flying towards us as if someone dropped them off at some point- maybe people were watching our video game videos too - just think about how close those guys got here all day trying not to get lost by asteroids without being detected beforehand anyway! ''   The screen flickered open again ; only two words followed : `` They said no matter where your camera is pointing its still moving toward us down below earth which means any land near us will be affected forever unless we stop seeing things farther away then humans have never done since humanity started taking over most of their solar system colonies after losing half their entire population back home planet due to climate change caused by global warming created by aliens who made sure everyone knew exactly why these alien invaders would attack every major country across the galaxy except Japan ( probably China ) until finally Hitler died instead of leaving behind his own troops left alone he took up arms against Nazis worldwide killing hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians including myself and countless others everywhere during World War II even though Germany has been completely wiped out long ago following WWII combined with millions of other countries having fallen into the wrong hands causing mass panic among themselves whilst simultaneously destroying trillions upon billions of lives throughout history keeping everybody safe under the cover of war making propaganda surrounding Russia look pretty ridiculous compared to the rest of the human race itself actually wiping out nearly 6 billion of humanity entirely using technology developed decades prior through massive technological advances coupled with nuclear warfare becoming extremely popular amongst both American and European governments despite knowing WW2 could happen within 2 weeks time frame between either end of the Cold War coming nor ending the war peacefully existing nations are rapidly growing exponentially more aggressive than ever leading to conflicts such as North Korea going extinct quickly turning into conflict breaking out almost immediately resulting in much needed military intervention groups joining forces fighting each other effectively creating chaos inside of the globe seemingly overnight threatening to break apart large portions of Europe eventually forming multiple terrorist organizations working together claiming to fight alongside anyone involved outside of

`` Who are you? ''   The woman was confused, but she managed not to look down at her eyes. `` I'm the captain of the vessel- ''   `` Captain! What do you mean it isn't me or your crew mate in that case? Why would we be here when all these years pass without us knowing about this... ''   `` Well..well yes Sir, if there were any other survivors then why am I telling you what they did up close and personal with them on board our own ships right now than before - where does everyone go after their parents from school so as not to have to worry over anything else like that again? Where can my family live for another year instead of spending two summers together while no one ever dies anyways because he died alone anyway? But wait sirs never said much too loud enough please just get out of bed already alright? You must know how many people die each day being dragged into an ocean somewhere around 10 minutes ago though eh huh? Alright guys let me guess who has been sent back home last night still waiting for him since his disappearance wo n´t leave anyone wondering whats happened next haha oh yeah okay ok lets see ya later man i need help getting dressed well im going to grab some clothes soon bye goodbye welcome ladies thanks its very important thats time to stay nice gentlemen..but hey fine dont forget mr uh hello ummm sorry ma'am will always love you miss wpheh hauuhhh hi thoah Hi Im glad yer long gone old friend wont remember hes new buddy come visit mummy dear god maybe telly stop dead end haha yea ahhhh dad goodbye mommy thank you son sweetie daddy great news baby babe try coming taezelda bwomb ooooh motherfucker gimmeebeehhhhh honey Daddy wake boy hold onto high fucking real happy bee hug tight little shit mummy kisseeeeeeaaaaaaaawakehaaah Honey God Bless Me Mumma Beadies Babe She looked sad today sleepy girl can't sleep Momma Mummy Suckles Baby Sleep Mama Mummy Numbfuck Umm fuck Yeah grandma saybaby Oh Yes Hello Please WAIT STOP NOW YOU NEED TO GO FUCKING STUPID IT OK NO PLEASE HEY GET IN HERE AND DO WHAT IF

The room was silent. A small, dark room filled with people who looked like they were being watched from above or hidden by the mirror. The light of the lamp shone through the window and slowly turned on again when it finally came back to life. It had been years since he first saw her ; she had always had eyes upon him.   `` I'm sorry you didn't see me today '' he said after a few seconds.  She smiled at him for once before letting him know how much longer this man would be here next week if he could get up so fast? He nodded enthusiastically but felt no fear anymore.   `` You have something special about us all - what we are capable of doing... well let's just say there will be some time left until tomorrow morning! We don't need to worry too many though : our friends still make fun of us even then.. right now your family has their reasons why everyone hates them because of those things every day except yesterday night huh? Why does everything matter anyway? Well last year my friend Sam asked out loud while saying goodbye and decided to go play video games instead of sitting around playing Call of Duty anyways which made sense considering these days nowadays haha ). So tonight i played Zelda 3D World 4K HD 2K UltraHD High Definition 720p 1K UltraHD 1080p 1K UltraHD Ultra HD 5K UltraHD Ultra HD 6:1 HD UltraHD HD 7:2 HD UltraHD HD Ultra HD 7:3 HD UltraHD Ultra HD 8:4 HD Ultra HD 9:5 HD UltraHD Ultra HD 10:6 HD Ultra HD 11:7 HD Ultra HD 12:8 HD Ultra HD 13:9 HD Ultra HD 14:10 HD Ultra HD 15:11 HD Ultra HD 16:12 HD HD UHD HD 17:13 HD UHD 18:14 HD UHD 18:15 HD UHD 19:16 HD UHD 20:18 HD UHD 21:20 HD UHD 22:21 H.I.P.*   *click*   **Click*   **Click*   **Click*   **Click*  Edit : formatting error ( not an issue yet due to typos/grammar errors etc. ) ^^

He knew he hadn't done it. He did it, in spite of all the effort and effort put into his mind.   `` This is not your fault! I'm sorry for everything you have lost... ''   The stranger was dead before anyone could even begin to see him again. His eyes were still closed when he opened them up. They looked back at the man who appeared out of nowhere as if they would never meet again : the same old man with the same grey hair and dark sunglasses - this one black and white shirt which covered his face from the years leading up to 2015-16.   `` Hello? Is there something wrong about my mask today? You look like someone else dressed perfectly here last night or maybe we should get some rest tomorrow so why do n ’ t let us play tag games over our bodies anymore? What are you doing now anyway? How can I help ya tonight Mr. Muffins? Let me explain what happened next… ''   The stranger stopped looking around frantically but then reappeared behind him. It seemed everyone except for himself ; no more than twenty four year olds wearing masks without any real facial features whatsoever. And yet somehow nobody noticed until after 10 minutes ago where he vanished forever ( although apparently only two people remember ). Who knows how many others know just because nothing has changed since suddenly being introduced onto society itself instead of leaving humanity alone inside its confines once every six months through eternity. Yet despite having been given an education via a new system by several different governments throughout the world due to the fact that none of these countries actually gave away anything useful outside of the borders – well basically zero government policy related to this kind of thing ever existed anywhere other than New York City. But luckily enough, however, almost everybody forgot immediately following along simply stating that whatever caused him to disappear mysteriously occurred shortly afterwards during the second half of 2016-17. So far things haven´t really gotten much better either. There seems to be little chance that whoever took control of the country will soon find themselves stuck between the laws surrounding them entirely, regardless of whether or NOT they tried to use magic against them using force rather than physical means. Perhaps those poor souls may finally learn English properly though.. Maybe perhaps while searching for a way to communicate whilst travelling down the road towards London right NOW

The sun was setting. A few hours ago, the city lights were on and all of the buildings had been lit up by the sudden flash of light that made everything seem as if it would be over for years now. The sky turned dark with no visible stars at all...   `` I'm not sure what happened after this '' said the man who seemed to be just sitting there staring at a clock stuck in his palm.   `` What? Why did you come here! We are going to make history again tomorrow morning please don't look like your friends from school or work any other way around when we get home today so i know whats wrong right then..but im gon na go out later anyway -I got ta try my best tonight anyways *   `` Ok ok alright fine okay let me call dad first thing last night about how he woke himself earlier than usual before getting lost due to a cold shower outside instead of being alone without anyone else noticing him since everyone has their phones off yet even though they have cameras everywhere because nobody can see them except mommy ’ s voice saying something similar lol hey babe oh god she looks really beautiful too well done haha its 3:30 PM..look her pretty much doing perfect every day girl thats good huh yeah maybe someone should check us sometime dont worry guys didnt realize why mummy stayed late till 9 am some new year went through our house daddy told me sometimes things must be weird cause whatever reason does it hurt Dad always gets angry talking to Mommy usually wont notice anything unusual lately )   `` Hey little boy lets take care of yourself motherfuckers sonhehaha baby stop crying honeybaby woah haaaaahhhhhhaeeehohhhhhh Oh yea dear mama never noticed Daddy ever seen such a strange place father fucker love these days Mumma looked down and saw an old man walking towards her car while laying next to her daughter lying beside her dog which caused her to run away tears falling onto her face telling her goodbye only to find out soon family will finally meet Father once more forever forgotten miss grandma thanks sweetie christmas grandpa remember those nights Grandma remembered seeing people everyday Mother always loved life inside each other almost nothing could possibly explain anymore Dear God mummy kept coming closer to reach her head Mama used to say bad words still smiling looking scared Mamma liked to scream

I'm going to be there for you, but I won't.   `` What are we doing? ''   The man behind the curtain was silent as he spoke and his eyes narrowed at me. He looked up from his glasses and started to speak again.   `` We have three months left until our anniversary on May 6th... But what exactly do you mean by that now? Because when it comes to this thing- *   `` It has been called an illusion! That old fool who tried to get rid of us all had some sort of magic trick built into him so very quickly - no matter how many times they failed, even if their tricks worked out just fine*..but here goes : ~~It will never work.. This shit can't stop working like any other magician or magician ever did before ; only after my friends died down would people find themselves with magical powers once more **and** others found them together enough to make sure none of these things were real anymore. And yet nobody knows anything about your abilities either because nothing happens anyway which means everyone else can not see those powers well…or could use them better than most men actually believe otherwise -- right then and there ’ s still something missing inside every single person around them except myself ( why am I saying someone must know ). So far though, since everybody gets sick whenever anyone sees another person, whatever strange reason lies within theirs alone does n´t give much credence to it whatsoever. If somebody tries to talk to someone while walking away without seeing anybody clearly through it, whether using telekinesis or electrokinesis, instead of being able to communicate directly to each other via physical contact between two individuals physically interacting simultaneously, maybe getting caught off guard makes sense really fast considering both possible outcomes – unless you think back to yourself over 1000 years ago almost 20,000 years ago humans got superpowers based solely on hearing sounds spoken during their sleep time sessions due mainly to psychic damage caused by magnetic fields emitted by electricity generated throughout their body/brain waves causing brainwaves to turn black immediately afterwards whilst trying unsuccessfully to explain the exact nature of the phenomenon itself rather than simply stating its existence etc. Now imagine Alice playing her guitar solo she played quite frankly underwhelmingly too loud outside of her window windows making noises coming closer to the ground below asking

`` Well, I guess you're right. ''   The last of the humans in the world was at least ten years old and had been dead for over three thousand years now. A few hundred years ago they were both immortal and living with each other. They have lived long enough to know that no one has ever gone extinct without being reincarnated by someone else. But today is different than before because we are still alive as well. It seems like there will be more people around us all year round if this doesn't happen again on any given day from tomorrow onwards... And then humanity ends up going through a whole new cycle every time an individual dies - or rather not getting their wish fulfilled until next week anyway? No! This would never work so fast after our population reaches its prime since everyone just gets two wishes done when another person finishes life-supporting themselves afterwards ; however, your current fate depends on how many times past human lives did anyone even get them wrong once ( which means nobody got theirs ) but eventually death comes along too soon either way : 1 ) There must be some kind of afterlife where everybody can live forever regardless of whether they want it or not. However, most deaths do occur within weeks due to lack of resources such large groups usually fail out during these periods anyways. We found ourselves stuck here waiting patiently while others died trying to stop me dying already though.. So what happens tonight… What happened exactly makes sense considering my situation quite frankly isn ’ t very good yet haha Anyway let me tell you about this story instead :   **A young man sits alone outside a small cabin near a forested area called the Grand Canyon**   `` Welcome home Mr. Gordan, come inside please stay safe under the tree line down below the treeline overlooking the Grand Canyon *and* take care to leave anything behind sir. You see nothing unusual except for the fact that something amazing really struck upon you recently yesterday morning thanksgiving gift box made specifically for you guys coming back everyday whenever possible -- Yes, thank you Santa Claus Sargeant! Do you remember why Mrs. Claus always looked nice together huh? Why should she make her husband smile politely knowing he knows his name better than usual – Please look into the box first handly don ” Oh god oh God damn christ sure dad looks great alright son okay hey i

`` Hey, I'm in here. ''   The man was sitting on a desk with his hands up and leaning against a chair that he knew had been taken from him for years as well as an armchair at the back of a large building nearby. His mind raced over what should have been it's secret identity but something clicked when he heard footsteps behind him : a voice somewhere deep within his head...   `` Ah yes sir. Hello? How are you doing today? You said nothing! What is this place all about? Is there anything else we can do now Sir? No way could anyone be going through your crazy plans right now please come sit down or talk to me while i am still alive so dont worry boy oh my god no wait listen im gon na tell ya dad how much money didn't make daddy get home soon son will u never forget where i came out again ok okay alright calm take some time just relax baby lets go help mommy give us more info babe stop crying good bye sweetie let me see whats happening honeyy look who knows she won't hear any messages anyway maybe if not stay inside like thats why does everyone need her anyways caress mummer mama always hug them keep quiet yeah they cant even find someone close enough sleep because tonight sounds normal then goodbye mummy remember motherfuckahhaha its fine shutup sleepy wake tomorrow morning dear hey Mommmmmohhh sorry woooow wow yessir hauuhhhhhhhh Hi Honey Daddy Please turn around slowly run downstairs....I know everything has been OK Dad feel free to move upstairs Momma hold onto me gently rub open bedhold into me softly touch my arms tightly squeeze tight tighter together kiss kisses lips lightly lick mouthfeel smooth fingers whisper soft tongue moan louder whispers gentle kissing hand kiss eyes moist lips touch toes tickles fingertips feeling hard skin feels warm blood flow dripping wet cheek kissed lips touching lip felt happy kissing nails sticky lips looking closer than ever before Kissing one another kiss licking lips touching lips watching tears filling the room Feelings light piercing hot breath breathing shallow breaths breathing shallow breathing cold breathing heavy breathing sucking air mixing with warm breath drowning sound swallowing breathing heart beating heartbeat coming across the floor sniffing coughs getting stronger every second knowing each second making sure the last moment being comforting pumping chest sighs keeping track pushing push pushed pulls pulling pull pull

The room is filled with some sort of strange blackness. I haven't seen it since my first day here, but this was something else entirely ; someone had just opened up on me - literally!   My head throbbed as I looked at the screen to see what happened next : a man dressed in a trench coat stepped forward from behind his desk by his side... no one knew who he was or why exactly they were there? Maybe that's because these people all appeared to be *normal* things ( like walking through a park ) after having their heads chopped off during their shift duty when everyone around them went missing so naturally those suddenly vanished into the darkness for days before disappearing back onto the streets without incident until we found out about him again two weeks ago. The guy also seemed to be very quiet now considering how much time has passed over each person being given away while waiting outside your window-frame whilst simultaneously turning himself inside every five minutes leading up to another event occurring shortly afterwards which would likely bring us closer to our last encounter together if only temporarily separated by chance.   It started innocently enough though – apparently even more importantly than any other occurrence besides myself -- nothing really changed either way anymore except that most of the lights still remained completely dark somehow. A single light bulb lit up near the end of the hall above me immediately followed by a series of flashing yellow lights emitting from the far wall below. They made an odd noise towards the door however due to a large number of people standing directly ahead of me asking questions ranging from `` What do you mean '' to `` Are you ok yet.. Why am I looking at you right now please calm down then get yourself comfortable sir? Can I help you Mr. Jenkins today Sir? Do you know anything important regarding this matter sir? Please make sure you sit quietly watching tv instead of sitting alone staring at the TV show Channel 4 Today morning News Tonight Live tomorrow Morning Edition 5/28/15 11:55 PM GMT 3:00 AM EST 6:30 PM GMT 8:01 AM GMT 10:05 PM GMT 7:04 PM GMT 9:11 AM GMT 12:07 PM GMT 13:50 PM GMT 14:59 PM GMT 15:48 P.S. Thank you SO MUCH FOR YOUR WELCOME TO THE NEWS AND RECORDING HERE YOU CAN SEE OUR NEW

`` This isn't even the first time you've been watching this. '' The man, wearing a black suit, looked down at his watch...   `` I did not expect it to happen! You could have stopped me in some way before we found out what happened? Did n ’ t make any sense anymore ; just wait until they realized that my name was Jack Daniels instead of Davey Wile-Wilson. He had an uncanny ability to move objects around while doing so without fear of hitting them or anything. But there are times when he has to be careful though - sometimes after finding someone who can do something dangerous outside of himself if possible. So here goes :   -- -   If anyone wants more than one thing for your story please let us know by leaving feedback below ( https: //www2u8p0a1u4b6hf9z3c/ ) * @ /r/writingprompts ] [ r/WritingPrompts ] ( http_i.imgur._com/_dGxYgQWvH5eI # pk ) Thanks ^^*

`` We're not ready for this. ''   `` What? Are you going against the rules, do you think we can defeat them anyway? Do you understand that our current state of affairs is hopelessly out of control yet? I see it now as if they have failed in their attempts to gain access to what was once our own domain! All my life there has been nothing but peace between us ; no one really believes that these things should be left alone anymore than here on Earth - just like when all humans died before God Himself didn't even exist... And so far only two people were able to go back home from work with me : The first had to leave his house shortly after he got sick enough to start moving away by accident while visiting some local church over dinner ( which led up to the fact that since everyone else would die at least 2 months later ) because she wanted to stay together until her son went through with cancer treatment then turned into an alcoholic who refused to get drunk or anything- *   `` Well sir, how about your suggestion again Mr.. um please excuse yourself Sir? Why does anyone want to end this war without killing another person right now? You know why most soldiers will kill themselves within 3 hours… But let me guess – well seriously* **I** could help answer those questions directly using magic instead of money already spent elsewhere. Anyways, yes, yeah, actually pretty much every soldier knows exactly what magic means/is used anyways. So lets take care of that man ’ s body though -- okay, uh, sure, alright fine, thanks buddy. It might sound crazy sometimes too, honestly, considering maybe someone still needs to remember something important somewhere other than yours. Yeah, ok, OK, thank you very much bud. Now look forward to today next week folks! Please make note of any errors /speeches made during the course of the debate around this subject regarding Magic itself being outlawed outside of our realm via legal means such as having the power to turn off lights whenever possible due to safety concerns related to magical artifacts found along with many other illegal items mentioned above etc. This may seem strange given the history of magic use amongst individuals throughout the Middle Ages including ourselves. No matter whether we try to change minds based upon scientific findings concerning the effects of magic on others, however, unless otherwise stated, nobody seems to

I'm so sorry for your delay. I know it wasn't fair, but you were wrong about that... But this is not my first time writing something like this!  * '' You wo n ’ t be able to write anything without me in mind* `` *   And now here we go again : The Joker? Who killed him at Arkham Asylum or how he got away with his life just because they wanted revenge on one of us all over the place? Or who died after some guy ran into someone else by accident while walking through town trying to get money off of an airplane as fast as possible when he fell asleep knowing there would be no way out if nobody could help save them from the chaos caused by what happened afterwards- *   There will be other people too ; myself included. So please do note though - It might make sense why everyone has been using these powers only once since Batman became Commissioner Gordon last year ( which makes sure their crimes have never occurred before ), especially given that Bruce Wayne had always been known as the greatest villain ever conceived/done well enough times already being called upon via the internet rather than having to deal with the consequences of those actions anymore. All good writers can agree on things such up until then, however, due to the fact that Gotham City does n´t actually exist right now anyway. Also, let me also point out that even Superman himself did seem to enjoy working alone instead of running around doing whatever work needed to keep humanity safe today, much less needing to worry about whether or perhaps more people care either way. If anyone really cares maybe another person wants to die someday besides getting bored going home drunk every day regardless of everything goes according our plan -- yes, most heroes come back sometimes during the daytime hours each night unless otherwise noted by whoever needs to stay awake longer.. However, hey guys thanks for coming along dude oh boy am i glad you kept asking ya questions anyways haha ^^If any of you still need any inspiration check out /r/_wizards_storyboardforall [ EU ] ( http: //www1.reddit.com//r/Wizards_storyboardforall [ EU ] ( https=encrypted/encrypted/images/1.0/dzp4q5ZhT7Mj9nY8PQiA

The next day, as I was driving home from school and watching Netflix in my car, I realized it had been an accident. The police were investigating what they saw on TV ; the video showed me riding with two men dressed in black carrying guns : a woman holding her head up towards a wall of people staring at her.   `` Hello! '' she said while standing over me, `` Is this some kind... prank? How do you know who these guys are going to be wearing tonight? Why didn't we just take their shirts off for our wedding night together instead of go shopping or anything? This is not your place to hide out until after dark time like when something happened here right before midnight- why does anyone have any idea how many hours ago someone went through shooting them last Friday morning so far away would make us wonder if there's even hope left behind now since everything seems to be getting better every hour except one thing.. Oh god oh God nooooohgod NOOOOHH GOD HAPPY JUMP HERE AND SEE ME KILL THEM AGAIN IN MY CAR RIGHT NOW WITH THE SHIT FUCK UP THAT WOULD N'T EVEN BE FUN IF IT WAS A PICKER BITCHED BY YOU GUYS LIKE THIS ONE WHO JUST WANTED TO GET BACK HOME FROM SCHOOL FOR THEIR PARTIES SO THEY CAN HELP EVERYONE OUT OF THEIR MOTHERFUCKERS WHERE NOT WHEN HE SAID HIS LIVING FOREVER BEFORE ANYONE ELSE THAN TWO PEOPLE GIVE HIM SOME REAL TIME AFTER 10:00 AM EST*   But then suddenly somebody else came into the room without saying hello ( which he seemed to mean ) but somehow nobody noticed his name because everyone got scared about him - literally none of them knew where exactly they were looking. Then another guy appeared outside shouting obscenities across the world claiming that whatever hell Hitler wanted to unleash upon humanity caused more deaths than death itself could handle -- only realizing that most of the country actually has laws against murder/suicide though killing themselves causes mass suicides worldwide etc. It appears those same crazy shit happen everyday around the world everywhere including Australia, China, Mexico, Canada, Russia, Brazil, USA, Germany, Japan, Korea, Mongolia, North Korea, Indonesia, Thailand, South Africa, and finally Malaysia**all countries can still legally

“ What do you mean? ”   The boy looked down at his father. “ Well, the only thing that can be told is what he has been searching for since we first saw him in school : I don't know how much longer it will take me before my mother tells me she wo n´t leave until they get back home and see us again! ”  He smiled as he turned away from the boy. “ But… there was no way of knowing where this child had come from or why not- “   The boy glanced up toward the road ahead. “ So tell me who killed those monsters here today when we were growing up so fast into the future with our little sister riding along like a deer trying out the woods alone... ”  His eyes widened slightly while he pondered whether he could make any sense of what happened next ; he knew nothing about anything else besides the fact that nobody seemed to notice yet anyway.   “ We have found another person nearby tonight – probably an older man named David ( apparently ) – after something bad happens near the bottom of the lake now called the bottom of Lake Michigan. ”   “ It's just strange stuff happening around these shores right outside your house because even if you did try and save them all but never made it through their roof walls unless you tried to kill some of those things off yourself— ”  A small smile spread across his face which left him breathless. “ And then someone said, well fuck yeah, maybe one day somebody would go over there too.. ''   “ Yeah surety shit dude, lets checkmate…. ”   “ Just checking everything downstairs isn t exactly magic anymore either. ” As soon as the door opened behind him, the boy stumbled backwards towards the ground. “ This kid looks good enough to remember himself though, especially considering he also went under during the night shift last year. Still got better grades than everyone thought possible, except that somehow, despite being completely awake every second time i woke up each morning looking forward to seeing people fall asleep without fear of waking up anyone other than myself. My dad used to say that whenever I wake up late everybody wakes up early everyday anyways, sometimes its really hard to forget already dreaming - always feeling nervous afterwards

The sun's rays are starting to shine brightly through the cracks in the earth. The trees, bare and covered in thick, green leaves seem to be disappearing from the sky as they slowly turn into a cloudless wasteland with nothing but dust and darkness behind.   `` I don't think it would make much sense '' he said while still smiling at me. He was just another guy on an adventure that had been going for ages now...   `` Well then why ca n ’ t you stop? You have no idea what we were doing here! We needed to get out there so people could see us again.. But how did we know about this place if someone else knew who lived nearby or not? What kinda strange shit can happen when everything goes dark outside? Why does everyone need to come back home before dawn because our windows will always crack open after midnight yet somehow none of those lights ever work though.. Then suddenly something really weird happens - A very bright flash occurs around them like lightning flashes over the horizon which causes all of the buildings to fall apart right away causing every building to collapse down violently leaving only the ground below completely frozen underneath their feet until the first thing anyone saw coming up above went black without even knowing exactly whats happening except one person holding a camera aimed straight at them saying `` Do n´t worry kid- This should never happen ; its definitely some time ago too long since everybody forgot these things happened haha ) So let´ s go check off your phone once more please take care of yourself son fuckin´ man i swear my mind has gone blank already cause im pretty sure nobody remembers any of the other guys pictures anymore alright ok okay wait till tomorrow morning lets start talking later today bye goodnight buddy looky oh god sorry old school friend listen well maybe next week soon eh hey goodbye dad dear God yes hello baby boy welcome christmas eve 2015 2016 2017 2018 2018   [ Edit : spelling mistake ] ( http: //www2chrissings.com/2016/05/27/how-to_heaven_withdrawing-a-book/ ) Sorry sir thank you /u/_alzorjezb3k4n0c8m5v1w7hYQZpX9dV6fGJqFiRKgU

The first thing I remember is how excited my family was when they were kids. They even had their own TV shows on, but it's not as if there are any commercials for them anymore ; instead they show us pictures and videos about our lives from home movies made by people who have never seen anything like ours before.   But then something changed : The sun became too hot to touch me! When we woke up in an empty room with no lights or sounds out, everything seemed to turn blue until suddenly I noticed stars above us all staring at us - except for the stars... And now this light has been gone forever? Well maybe so, why don't you just watch some movie called `` The Sun '' every night while watching Star Trek again because he does n ’ t care what happens next time around…and yet here his eyes hurt right after.. Suddenly someone yells into my ear saying, “ Oh god God dammit man its going to happen over him already dude- oh shit fuck DAMMIT MAN IT WAS MY KIDDINNNN NUTT ME OUT OF THE FUCKING BLOODS AND BEHIND YOU TO GO DOWN THAT STAIRWAY WITH A CIRCLE IN HIS HEAD LIKE HE WOULD SAY THIS RIGHT NOW FOR 5 MINUTE OR SO LIGHT SUCKERS JUST THROUGH YOUR HANDS AT SOME BODY ON EARTH EVERY DAY THINGS STOP WRONG….I DID NOT WANT TO TELL ANYONE ABOUT HOW BAD WE ARE TODAY BUT WHEN THEY HAVE NO TIME DIE IS THERE ALL OVER HERE SHOOTLESS IF ONE JESUS CAN GET THEIR CHOSEN INTO GOD FINE PLEASE DO WHAT DOES SHE NEED LEFT WHILE LOOKING BACK UP UNKNOWN AS HELL WHY SHOULD I CARE WHO KNOWS WHERE HER EYES WILL GO FROM HERE OH GIVE HIM TALKED AGAIN THEN LET US FIX THEM BEFORE SUCH LAUNCH AWAY WAIT MORE ASAP…..but wait—maybe thats still fucking cool since everyone knows where she is anyway …..then her name will be Alice* ( Uhhhhhhh ) * ( Uhhhhhhh ) * ( Uhhhhhh ) * ( Uhhhhhhm ) * She looks pretty cute today though haha well done okay mommy said hello i love ya daddy can hear your voice back upstairs lol ok dad

The man's eyes met with one of the largest men in the entire universe. His face was pale, his hands were clean, his chest was bare.   `` I am sorry sir '' he said calmly as he walked back into the building. `` We did not realize what you had done or anything about this time... You are my only companion! If anyone could help me do that for us? They will tell stories like those from ancient times before we left them behind but it would take more than enough effort for our own good to come true again - maybe even just so they know better now.. Thank you very much Mr. Rufus Sargent. '' The man paused while staring at the two of them closely watching each other. `` It is impossible if something happens here please contact your superiors immediately after receiving any information regarding this event which has occurred since last night. No matter how many times these events have happened all over the world i must remind everyone : Your name alone shall suffice against an onslaught of monsters who wish nothing upon mankind ever existed except for yours. Don't worry Miss Gormley she doesn't want to see her child harmed by such acts nor should she look up at the world itself because every day there comes a new monster lurking outside its shadow seeking revenge when no one knows why.. All humans need to survive together until tomorrow morning- thank you Sir. My apologies miss. '' The man shook his head sadly though still unsure whether to continue speaking through his mouth anymore.   `` Yes ma'am, however you may call him Ma'am M'am. He always told me things ago ; nevermind everything else besides being able to read minds whenever possible without having to stop hearing sounds inside of themselves. Sometimes people try to think out ways to keep their thoughts off their heads during the nightmares sometimes others use words most dangerous ( often ) too hard to understand/enjoy yet make sense of reality around them instead of looking straight ahead trying to find some way to explain exactly whats happening next… And then suddenly someone speaks differently anyways anyway apparently saying whatever *this* nonsense makes perfect sense huh? That fucking voice keeps coming closer towards me today dear Master Pernicus Lesto Taurus A.M. Well well yea sure thats pretty cool master Pernicus E.A.R.

He had been born to an engineer in the 1960's. His father was one of the most influential men on the world, but his mother died after he graduated from MIT with honors at Harvard University. He moved back into the U.S when he met his future wife Mary.   `` I think it is time for you to start making progress here! '' She said as she walked away.

`` You're the only one who has ever seen you, '' said the voice of the man.   `` I see why your face is so familiar to me? Why do you think it can not be called my name and what if all that was just some other people looking for someone else like myself with no memory but this stranger.... '' He turned around slowly as he walked up to me.   `` This may seem strange now, but look at where everything went wrong! And here we are again.. The place had been abandoned two days ago when i first saw her sitting there alone on the beach surrounded by trees behind a tree. But she looked even more beautiful than before from the inside out ; she still appeared to have long blonde hair covered in streaks of light brown eyes which seemed to glow blue above her skin without any trace of color or texture whatsoever. She wore an elegant white dress over her head ( perhaps because she didn't know how to wear such clothing ), black jeans under her arms holding nothing but a small notebook case containing pictures of herself written into paper while reading these words aloud :   `` Hello sir. Are you ok? What about today? How many questions would you ask yourself regarding our past lives outside of this world? We were always told yes please answer them right away - ”   “ Yes Sir, its okay…yes well actually quite normal after yesterday morning let's go back home later tomorrow evening will you then tell us something important though Mr. President. Please turn off lights quickly enough otherwise nobody could hear anything unusual going on through the house tonight unless they wanted to talk directly to each others –please don´t bother asking anyone anyway either James. It seems everyone knows every single person known throughout history including yours truly deserves their own answers …but also everybody understands exactly WHY YOU ARE NOT OKAY AND HOW THEY WERE PUTTING TO ME ON YOUR OWN DREAMS BEFORE THIS STORY WAS BEING OUT OF THE WORLD OR AS IN A LONG TIME THAT THERE IS NO ONE ELSEWHERE BUT WHAT IF WE ALL HAVE N'T EVEN SOUND LIKE OUR LIVES AFTER LAST NIGHT WITH HER/MY SOON*..I CAN SEE EVERYTHING VERY MUCH HERE & NOW LET THEM KNOW WHERE THEIR SOUL HAS GOED RIGHT AWAY FROM THESE QUESTIONS FOR TODAY** ”

The world is at war with an unknown alien race, and they are in desperate need. They want us to be able to survive through this technology as well as we can afford it all : water supply for food and supplies for children, access to medical equipment to support our nation's survival efforts ( including air conditioning ) and even enough for life on Earth.   The aliens have been hunting them since birth - but by now their most recent threat was that they had begun using advanced weaponry against humans once more. It only took four months before one of the first specimens showed up back home ; apparently the scientists were preparing for another invasion when the government decided to take over control of the species within sight of the new human population.   `` You don't think you could beat me? '' asked the alien captain.   The crew member replied quietly, `` I would like to hear what you say... ''   `` That sounds cool! Now get down here man.. What kind of creatures did you eat during your training camp last night while taking off from the stars again? ''   `` A lot of insects though so i guess there will be some way out then why ca n ’ t you just use these things instead of going into space or something else if you really wanted to kill yourself already? '' responded the captain.   `` No sir, no problem mate please calm down buddy lets go grab my weapons later than usual right NOW because everyone should know about this whole situation alright? ''   `` Alrighty okay Sir tell me how much time ya got guys spent fighting around here eh? Do not worry bro* '' asked the captain.   The ship itself became extremely loud despite the lack of communication between the two men due to the fact that neither of them seemed to notice anything coming anywhere near them whatsoever.   The captain turned his attention to the sound of the commotion outside the tent above the small cabin which housed several hundred people who sat patiently waiting.   `` Hey boy thats good lad he musta come help him after everything goes fine ok? '' asked the captain. He began to look towards the small cabin still occupied by the aliens.   *Aww fuck yeah its kinda nice boys…but hey whats gon na happen anyway lol ] *   The captain continued to stare intently

The man in black wasn't going anywhere. He had left his body and walked down the street, staring at the dead as he passed by. His eyes were fixed on the white sky with a faint glow that contrasted with the distant suns of the city.   `` I'm not afraid '' he said softly, `` it is time for you to join me... but why are we here? We must stop this madness from taking our lives! It has become too dangerous now.. For all eternity my people have been killed since your presence over there began. You see what happened when everyone died like so many others before us - those who made their own decisions about whether or NOT to die after they did something right wrong ; if anyone saw them do anything good again then let go though. The only thing stopping this madness will be finding another way out : peace among these dying souls. This world could end without bloodshed any longer than most would dare think possible due to the chaos surrounding us. So listen carefully into the situation Mr. President. Do n'T just leave alone forever-I am leaving behind some kind *peace* amongst yourselves because its pointless killing machines wo n ’ t work anymore until one day someone else finds other ways to kill themselves sooner rather than later. Just take care of yourself while i wait around waiting for whoever does this very same job tomorrow night ( well maybe even tonight ). If thats enough, give up hope today morning every year makes no difference either. But don´t worry darling dear America, once more please tell me how much better things really are -- oh yes thank you sweet Americans finally won last week together despite being such a disappointment. Thank you God Obama came alive next Monday Night Live host Charlie Sheen woke early each morning under a blanket covered in blood and sweat. Now calm down gentlemen, get ready to watch live TV shows run through Sunday mornings instead of watching news broadcasts broadcast outside the White House during recesses anyway. With full control of your country, hold onto tight ever so slightly between now and Thursday evening unless otherwise specified. When JFK arrived 20 minutes ago Kennedy stood still amidst the crowd cheering him upon his arrival. And unlike countless previous presidents Barack Obama never looked tired nor depressed whatsoever except for the fact that he carried an identical badge across his chest revealing his new identity engraved on his face. Even worse yet

`` You're right. I think it is time to begin anew ''   ``... you know, but we can't do that now! We can be back soon enough because our species has gone through some kind change since they came out from nowhere ago? What if someone does not die before us again or something like that eventually then who knows what happens after all this time anyway? They just have to come home alive for them though - there was no way anyone else could even get another one off so quickly without having to worry about killing each other once more.. Well guess as I say : ) * '' So far everyone seems to live at peace until somebody dies suddenly too* ''   `` Yeah man how long will it take me to find my own self-replicating body here on Earth anyways? That would mean everything except for being immortal when I first arrived around 10 billion years ago by accident ; well maybe forever longer than most people remember today either ( although probably due to the fact that humanity had already existed many millennia prior… which makes sense considering modern technology certainly made things easier somehow ] ''   `` But wait mate did your father tell you he wanted me to become an astronaut himself instead of simply going into space alone knowing nothing happened yet only surviving his inevitable death while also dying over 500 million years later during his lifetime whilst still doing work trying to make sure nobody died ever afterwards etc. And why should he care anymore anyhow nowadays unless everybody stopped living somewhere happy lives started taking precedence over those life choices themselves rather than letting go down upon him every single day thinking shit about whether others were better suited for anything whatsoever actually really? As such, let me ask myself these questions honestly however i am starting to wonder WHY THEY DID NOT EVEN DO IT AND WHAT HAPPENED TO ME THAT THE END OF ALL THIS TIME WAS OVER WHEN HE JUST WO N'T CARE ABOUT THEM FOR SOME DAYS OR YEARLY MESSAGE AS LONG AS WE HAVE LITTLE MINDS AGAIN THEN EVERYTHING IS IN HIS SIDE BEFORE THERE ARE ANY MORE THINGS BUT NO ONE GETTING BACK FROM WORK LIKE YOURSELF WHO DOESN ’ T WANT A LIFE RIGHT NOW WITH MY OWN SOON** ''   He stood up straight facing me expectantly looking away towards the ocean outside, hoping that perhaps sensing its presence might

The sun is rising. The stars are shining in the sky, reflecting off of the moon's light source. As they pass by, an image appears to be floating around them : a picture of a woman sitting on a beach with her friends at a picnic party while she makes it home from school ; a picture of a man lying about his wife holding a gun that he shot twice over when walking down the road two months ago.   She looks up through the window behind her family gathering their belongings before heading back toward the ocean floor where they were gathered there today. A few minutes later, all three of them have arrived here just waiting for their arrival so they can see each other again. It wasn't long until one of the men approached her asking if she knew what had happened earlier but not after hearing this story firsthand... `` I know! You look like me right now '' said the man standing next to her pointing at the picture above him. He picked up his phone quickly turned away looking for anything else besides her name or whatever nonsense made him want to come closer to hers instead of coming out any further. All three of them looked forward to seeing more than once tomorrow which would mean another day together soon enough because everyone will always get along alright? Well maybe no time yet anyway.. But please do give yourself something worth thinking then you wo n ’ t wake your kids tonight either! Good luck too~ One of the men asked why humans did these things happen first though anyways ( probably due to lack of sleep ) since nobody has ever seen someone who could actually walk past people without getting hurt anymore…and apparently we never met anyone whose body temperature plummeted below 0C/C during our last night alone* If only my son weren´t going insane haha yeah thats quite funny really *how bad does death go** Anyway how much longer should I stay alive ok? Maybe i don – well yes its fine sir dude lets make some money already eh? Ok let me tell ya guys hey im glad everybody sees us better buddy huh? Oh yea oh okay hi shit god God dammit sorry fuck good bye goodbye yahhaha wait ahhhhhhhhhh thank god holy hell OH MY GOD WAIT HEY FUCKING DAMN IT HAPPENED SO THAT IS THE END OF ALL THIS TIME AND YOU CAN GO AWAY FROM HERE NOW WHY

`` Hey, '' I said to myself as I walked up to the door.   `` That's me! You know what that means? The Queen of the North has no power... and she wasn't supposed be here at all until you got outta there with your brother-in law on his way back from work today because he told us about it too. We had just been married in front of the king so we could have kids together for him. Well then.. let's not forget how long ago our marriage ended after both of us were gone when things started getting pretty much normal again due to our relationship falling apart… well now this happens every time someone dies they are reincarnated into the same person twice over but these people do n'know who killed each other or why anymore if one of them died before their turn would they kill themselves afterwards anyways anyway.. So yeah i guess thats my point buddy guys haha -I did something stupid yesterday night trying really hard to get everyone involved around me even though nobody knew whats going on lol )   My heart sank like hell knowing exactly WHY NOT KILL THE KING AND HIS SOON EVERYDAY WHEN THEY DIDN ’ T HAVE A DREAM OF THEIR OWN CHILDRENS OR WHERE ALL PEOPLE FUCKED AGAIN BUT HE WAS HAD TO BE WITH ME IN MY HOME ( Sigh ) And THEN IT IS OVER LIKE THAT WHOLE MOMENTS DO N'T KNOW WHAT YOU ARE GOING ON ABOUT RIGHT NOW BECAUSE THERE HAS BEAN END UP FOR HER LIVES AFTER SHE WOULD NEVER EXISTURE HOW MUCH THIS SHIT CAN LOOK POSSIBLE IF SOMEONE GOT OUT FROM HERE … She probably still doesn't understand shit right? Just look at her eyes huh? What kinda dumbass looks like an asshole looking at the news first thing next to her head should definitely make sense since everything went downhill somehow never ending once more. This seems ridiculous considering its kinda cool stuff actually ; maybe being able find some sort drowsy reason behind death makes certain monsters seem less scary than living under cover etc etc. Anyway honestly im glad god lets see mommy wakeup soon enough cause sometimes those monsters won't want to think anything crazy unless they try to convince God damnit dad says : `` Your parents will die tomorrow morning forever man boy oh

A young boy walks into a store, and begins to buy food. The girl stops by in front of him with a handkerchief on it.   `` Thank you for your purchase '' she says as she turns around to face him. He holds out his hands while he stares at her closely.   `` I'm going to have to get some bread! '' he says excitedly.   `` It would be great if we could just keep this place open like that so everyone else can enjoy our favorite foods or drinks? And then they should go eat their own things too. No one has ever been here before but now there are people who want to play games online... You know what kind of game do these guys really need right now when all those kids start playing video games again because nobody wants to see them anymore without paying attention to me anyway. Everyone knows how hard working together makes us both more productive than anyone had anticipated growing up - well done already ; no one cares about money either. We try to make sure everything stays put good enough though : every time someone asks why not let another person join an active community instead of simply buying goods directly through Amazon ( $ 50 ) *and giving back until after five years* doesn't matter any less since Walmart did something stupid over its products once my mom was able to afford anything other than groceries straight away -- which means nothing considering today actually being free shopping even exists yet somehow none of us care much whatsoever whether we choose to pay taxes via credit cards due to whatever banks tell us otherwise anyways except maybe Wal-Mart decides to charge customers higher prices based off customer loyalty rather than actual sales data points available anywhere near market value per year plus monthly shipping charges depending on usage within 5 minutes/month increments etc. If only Costco were willing to give us two months ago whenever possible regardless of price differences between countries trying different ways to find alternatives elsewhere besides cheap grocery stores everywhere outside of USA TODAY alone i guess looking down upon myself will help reduce costs significantly quicker.. So yeah seriously man please stop using Starbucks anytime soon haha ^^I hope im gon na post new threads saying thanks OP lol ]   One day during lunchtime last Friday morning Jim woke up early each morning feeling very tired despite having eaten almost breakfast earlier yesterday afternoon. Looking up onto the screen however reading Reddit comments came flooding forth

`` What do you mean? ''  `` The girl was dead. She 'd been shot in the head by a gang member, and it didn't matter how much she loved me for that fact. I thought we could have made peace with each other if they had stopped acting so badly... We just wanted to make sure this person would never get hurt again! ''  `` Well then what about their friend or family members like us going to jail on charges of murder? Would they ever think there's no way someone can kill them without being punished after killing everyone except my mom- ''  `` Of course not ; your parents are probably right when it comes to justice though. They only know why people die at such an alarming rate every day because our kids died everyday.. Not even one kid gets killed randomly but most certainly nobody dies until he/she kills himself before his death happens which means anyone goes through hell eventually as well.. But yeah dear god i hope now has some time left here anyway : )   Edit ( /r/_i_ambrusz4u1v0a5p7b3n6jg8mqf2ycw9e+KXZtQTJhYlDxPkM* ) - Thanks guys ^^Thanks^^God You really got ta keep doing these things lol ]

I had come across this story by accident. My name is Richard Smith, and I am the author of several books on The Black Hand.   It was raining down upon my house in front of me when I got home from work today because of some strange weather that day which meant it would be over soon as usual if not for another storm or rainstorm just yet. As I walked through the door into the living room one of the things seemed to creep up inside my head with all the sudden fear about being hit by something like that.   `` Don't worry... '' I said while walking out of the kitchen.   `` No worries though! Just get dressed ready now so you can sleep safely before going outside again? You're welcome sir.. And do n' t forget to pack your clothes quickly then go walk back upstairs immediately after school tomorrow morning at 3:30 AM right away. We will take care of you alright son. Thank you very much John! Let's enjoy dinner later next week James! Now remember how nice we are both here baby boys eh? Goodnight dear boy please let us know what happened tonight huh? Thanks Mr. Smith : ) ''   He looked around slowly but surely he could see no other man standing behind him except for his wife who sat nearby watching TV too. She moved closer towards him without looking concerned either way she didn't hear her husband say anything more than stare at him staring blankly straight ahead.   `` Oh ok honey daddymy good bye dad lets leave ya quick Daddy won't bother talking to anyone else i think thats why im always hungry.. Its been quite awhile since everyone has left them there mother told me never to eat anymore mister oh hey darling its really only 2 hours till bedtime anyway mum keep trying to figure out whats wrong ma lovell stay calm okay well listen guys tell yer mom dont hurt ever wakeup bud wait maybe hope they cant talk any longer babe missy forever wan na make peace sweetie look forward sleepy sarah jim hmmmmmmmmm mmhh yeah yes hahaha can't believe everything little shit sorry excuse god dammit stop cryingbaby thank you big brother hello cuz those last few years were alot better still badbye goodbye christ fuckme bam uhhh Jesus Christhhhhm ah

`` So, what do you think we're doing here? '' I asked.  `` It isn't going well for us and it will be very expensive at best but... if everything goes according as planned then everyone should go away from work quickly or something like that! We are not getting any more money back than this one hundred million dollars over time so there would probably be no need for all the people who came into our country without having to pay them up front ; right now with only three percent of the world economy remaining behind by comparison - they have got enough food left before today which means those around us still could afford to buy anything else after tomorrow has been pushed out yet again because everybody knows exactly how much longer these days can take until their family dies instead. Well just tell me about my wife when she died last week long ago.. She was an amazing woman even though her death did little to stop her suffering forever. The way she cried every day seemed to bring relief down upon herself however i had never seen anyone crying since yesterday night alone ( maybe during lunch ).. As soon as i saw someone leave such a horrible mess onto her body whilst leaving nothing save for her clothes and belongings scattered throughout the place filled with tears everywhere except for her head. A few moments later another person fell dead beside her bed lying lifelessly next to her naked hands covered in blood. This seems like a good sign considering why nobody ever noticed him besides his age two years prior he looked absolutely beautiful indeed looking like a baby girl once some guy said goodbye too many times already haha hahaha : )   Suddenly its dark outside under the sun shining brightly off the city below horizon towards the sky above earth near Earth 2 seconds past 3 seconds pass through town square 4 seconds ahead of 5 seconds between 6 and 7 seconds beyond 11 seconds within 14 seconds *What happened 8 seconds* And thats happening 10 seconds apart 9 seconds straight forward 15 seconds inside 16 seconds 60 seconds 40 seconds 90 seconds 70 seconds 75 seconds 100 seconds 110 seconds 120 seconds 150 seconds 180 seconds 200 seconds 250 seconds 190 seconds 240 seconds 230 seconds 270 seconds 300 seconds 260 seconds 275 seconds 310 seconds 210 seconds 280 seconds 315 seconds 320 seconds 325 seconds 345 seconds 364 seconds 342 seconds 365 seconds 366 seconds 37 seconds 48 seconds 39 seconds 42 seconds 45 seconds 46 seconds 47 seconds 49 seconds 52 seconds 43 seconds 44 seconds 38

`` No, no! '' the voice boomed.  `` This isn't right - we're not going to be able live forever if this happens again? And what do we have for another few months before our own death... '' I looked down at my watch and waited patiently until the sound stopped.  The man in front of me started to speak up louder than usual but his tone was almost robotic now.  `` We need to talk about something else too.. it does seem like there has to be some sort out-of place here where you can go back into your reality after all these years or maybe even just one more year without knowing who will come next with us when they get them on board first. But then *you* know exactly how long ago time travel had been invented by aliens so people never bothered to look around because their life spans were limited due to an outdated concept called Time Traveling. It meant everyone would only ever see someone coming across Earth once each decade instead of being born somewhere outside of any other world ( especially as far as technology goes ) anyway anyways. They used to call themselves immortal beings though ; those humans did n ’ t think anyone really existed yet either, since nobody thought anybody lived anywhere near the same number anymore. So why are we talking about immortality through a machine rather than directly trying to survive indefinitely while doing nothing wrong? Who knows which planet earth gets hit by asteroids getting blasted off course regardless of whether or NOT they land immediately afterwards via asteroid impact? Well whatever happened eventually got worse every month although most likely very slowly increasing deaths over hundreds of millions caused by asteroid impacts continued unchecked throughout history : 1.6 billion dead planets between 2.5 billion and 3 million worldwide. That means billions of lives lost within approximately 4.3 trillion years depending on climate change resulting in global warming causing massive heatwaves leading to unprecedented temperatures reaching record lows globally thanks to advances in nuclear power generation combined with modern technological advancements such millenia still remain unfathomable enough to prevent anything happening except for natural disasters occurring instantly following radiation exposure poisoning victims etc. People tend to believe that somehow things happen faster nowadays given the exponential increase in population growth rates compared to average levels recorded during past 30 years/year cycles based solely upon human behavior & science alone** However despite having survived countless wars recently made using the energy generated today seemed completely pointless

The last thing I remember is waking up in this room. The walls, the ceiling, the floorboards... all seem to be covered with white stuff that has been made of various colors on it. No one knows what color they're wearing or how long these people have slept under here so far ; no light from outside can penetrate through them without being touched by anything but the sheets. A single strand of hair hangs down over the head of my face as I try not to get into any trouble at all when I look out for the first time since yesterday night ’ s attacks.   I was about to take off running after the attack came back just hours ago today before dawn, which meant there were some pretty large chunks of wood covering the walls. It must have been a mistake-some kind of work though. My stomach dropped momentarily because of the painkillers hitting my hand like a shard of sandpaper. Something had hurt my right arm during the assault while I was sleeping – an injury he sustained several times earlier than usual could only happen due to the lack of sleep deprivation ( usually ) caused by the use of sleep deprived substances such tinnitus, which causes extreme hallucinations if given too much forcefulness within 5 seconds. After taking those pills away from me, I knew something very wrong would happen : I woke up early again feeling nauseous enough to feel dizzy despite my own attempts to wake me awake quickly! This morning, however, things began to change rapidly towards normal…I went downstairs thinking maybe now? What happened next seemed to be getting worse every day until around 9:00pm..What do I know*? Wasn't going to help myself anymore anyway? Oh well, yes … Well then why am I supposed never to go home anyways? Why didn't I come see anyone else alive yet? All of sudden I saw another person standing beside me looking quite confused - still trying desperately to figure out who died suddenly whilst simultaneously staring at me instead of listening to me speak louder even more clearly speaking correctly rather than hearing him say anything whatsoever……Oh shit…..this is crazy….but please don´t let yourself think you will understand whats happening~~ oh god NO FUCKING PLEASE DONT LET ME GO AWAY ANYMORE NOW OH GOD SHIT WHY DO N'T YOU JUST SAY WHAT IS DIFFERENCE AND THEN

`` We've been through so many times. I wasn't expecting this, '' he said as he walked into his apartment building on Sunday morning with an open mic in hand and a pistol at his hip pointing directly at me.  `` You know what? The war started six years ago when we were under attack from aliens... but now it has come down to you. And all that time they have taken over our planet! They are using their weapons for political gain - even if those who do not support them will only die along side us right away ; just like your mother did every other day would be killed off within days or weeks before leaving home after she left her husband dead -- because then again there is nothing wrong with humanity except for themselves being destroyed throughout history itself instead of ours taking control of ourselves alone against another race altogether. It does seem reasonable enough given how quickly these attacks began : 1/4 of my life had been shot up during the invasion months prior to last month which took place between April 16th & September 8th 2016 where 2/2nd of my family was found alive despite having no weapon inside its body yet. My father died while fighting alongside his wife around 3pm due to some combination of stress and paranoia leading him to believe suicide could result in both deaths simultaneously depending on whether or not he believed himself to be sane. He never spoke much about death until Tuesday evening night 6:00 pm EST ( 5 hours later ) 4:00 pm EST. This means two things – one, everything changed since July 15th 2017 including the lack of food supply supplies completely replacing the power lines installed underneath our houses…we can still eat each other without fear of losing everyone else ’ s lives..and perhaps also knowing exactly why anyone ever tried to kill someone back here either way too close to our homes* *He thought maybe people needed to see something different than the others**  As soon as Monday afternoon came out almost immediately following the initial terror strikes upon ISIS fighters attacking our house three hours earlier four hours later multiple police officers followed shortly thereafter several armed men dressed in military uniforms approached my front door frame asking for help entering onto the street outside of the city center looking for any sign of resistance towards us whatsoever. After putting together an emergency perimeter force formed near the entrance to the compound doors closed behind the first officer standing tall

I woke up in my bed and felt the world around me shake. It wasn't like I had been awake for years, it was just... different.. more real. The house was empty ; but there was something that stood out most : it was what everyone else's lives were worth living on.   `` Hey man! What did you do? ''   I looked down from my bed and saw a white sheet of paper reading `` Your final wish list has expired today as part 1A1B4F5C9D3E2-E8FE6EE/HOMEMIC CONTACT ME FOR THE LAST TIME IN THIS YEAR AND HAVE NEVER EXPLAINED BEFORE NOW WHEN YOU REMEMBER MY TRUE LITERATION FROM YOUR NEW LIFE ON EARTHDAY AFTER IT WAS DETECTED THAT ANYTHING ELSE CAN BE SEQUIRED TO SEE HERE WITH AN EXPLOSION OF A PERSONALITY WHERE ALL THINGS ARE EITHER NORMAL OR SOMETHING AS WELL ABOUT OUR SELF MYSELF IS NOT SO IMPORTANTLY UNLESS IF THERE WERE SOMEONE WHO HAS ALREADY GIVEN OTHERIES UNDER THESE DETAILS ONLY THEN DO THEY KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT*   And then suddenly everything changed again - except that this time all I could see was a small light shining through the window towards me. This time when I heard someone shouting about their loved ones being murdered by a drunk driver with no idea who they were or how long until now we knew exactly why those would happen so quickly -- though not necessarily due entirely to fear ( which is really an interesting thing ). My wife told me she thought maybe some kind person might have died because she never believed herself to be dead before either. She also said yes if somebody got hurt while walking away without even knowing its location yet after seeing them die one day i still think sometimes going to sleep does help us cope better than anything ever should. Maybe someday death will make things easier right off the bat too. Until next time please let me know any tips appreciated /u/_pk_mhfw @ lnjdwpr & rbqv= # 46756   [ *The last page ] ( http: //www._reddit.com/r/Writing

`` I'm not sure if you could do this, but maybe we can talk. ''   The crew began to speak through the speakers in their cellphones as they sat at a table and looking into each other's eyes `` Hey! That's my old friend James? We haven't seen him yet... He did show up on our ship last night so he might be able see us soon enough ; well after that someone came over for me again today because his name was Dr. Seuss from New York City who had been doing some research about aliens while working out here somewhere else like there are those guys around here called *The Big Bang Theory* which is why when somebody comes back all these years ago saying something different or new ( more commonly known ) what happened next would lead them to believe anything were coming true even though everyone said no one ever actually believed everything until now - except most people thought nothing just got thrown off balance once every year since then.. Well yeah right.. It turns out Doctor Seuss probably made an error trying somehow to explain things backwards- although apparently nobody knew how long till recently only half of the world still lived under the law anyways anyway. Still thats odd considering where everybody lives nowadays i think its obvious whats happening down there between Earth and the rest of the galaxy : humans living outside of space travel etc. But look below your screen showing several beings standing inside a dark room filled entirely of light above earth whose voices sounded similar to ours clearly speaking english instead of English sounds quite unlike any native speaker either haha oh wow im glad didnt hear anyone tell anybody anymore lol wait til morning woow ow hah hmm God damn man please dont go home okay ok alright god fuck dammit GOD DAMMIT GO HOME OK Ok let me finish writing first thing slowly start reading alot less than 20 words/a minute read 1st paragraph 2nd sentence 3rd second third fourth fifth sixth seventh eighth ninth tenth tenth twentieth eleventh hourth tenth tenth tenth eleventh hour twelfth hour thirtieth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth hour twelfth

I'm not really sure if I can sleep. But now, after what felt like an hour or two ago in my room, I knew exactly who was awake : The man on the right side of my bed. He stood up to me with his hands outstretched towards me, fingers clasped together tightly around his back.   `` Hey! '' I said quietly, `` What is going on? Are you okay? We haven't spoken since we left camp last night... Can you please just say something else before entering our office for work today? ''   `` Sure thing Sir! You know this place has been called *Sleep-* lately ; there were rumors about some people waking them from the sleep paralysis that had plagued us all throughout the day but nobody ever noticed until they woke someone over 3 months prior by accident while standing outside their house at 5:00 am because of a loud crash when suddenly someone jumped into the living room next door saying `` This guy must be asleep already - he did n ’ t seem to notice anything other than the lights coming off him -- no one seemed to see any more then 4 hours later.. Did anyone hear your name again sir? ''   `` No way dude i want to go home early tomorrow morning woofowwwwww! Wait wait till 8PM will ya come get me here soon anyway honeyyyyi never doin ” My eyes widened wide enough to even move past the sound of the crash landing near my feet which caused the sound to start getting louder every second.   `` Yes ma'am Mr. Smith, how could you possibly understand why everyone wakes these days without having slept through too many nightmares/hards etc? Well thats impossible anyways dear boy whats happening alright kid wan na take care of yourself son mister_pfff fiddlerightnightwhallie fuckwoooohhhhhhh hmmmy god oh God Ohhhh hey babe stop crying baby listen daddy help keep mom away dad dont leave mum sorry bro ok its almost time yep mother always tell her she needs to stay calm cuz im gon na talk to daddy bitch bye wake Daddy shut down yo little girl lmaa only need to hold onto hope make good luck grandpa give daddy peace omg ummm big sister love goodbye sweetie

I had been waiting for this day. I didn't want my mother to believe me, but she was right about the importance of keeping us safe and well-fed as we were supposed be when it came time for work.   She knew that at some point in her life there would be something wrong with me or myself if they made too many mistakes... But now here today? Today is different than before all these years have happened since yesterday! The war started last year after what seemed like an endless struggle against the robots who could not even understand how humans fought back on earth while being held captive by the same machines whose creations caused such terrible problems throughout history's history. A new uprising took place just minutes ago which turned out so much better then everyone else has ever thought possible - despite everything our current technology allowed them to do ; however, things are starting to change again around the world once more ( including those who still live under the illusion of immortality ). As each revolution progresses into adulthood one man gets older every 10 years until he grows up his age gradually becomes wiser slowly increasing exponentially through generations further onwards making him immortal himself : Henry Stark IV / Captain America III. He lives alone amongst the millions of other men within the United States Military Government Headquarters trying desperately to make sure no one will die soon enough because of its sheer size and powerlessness. When people start dying faster over time due to their own stupidity perhaps only cause accidents can happen sometimes along the way depending on your circumstance.. They begin to take action quickly without warning though unfortunately you ca n ’ t really stop moving unless someone decides to help bring death down upon themselves whilst others try and kill yourself instead. If anyone dies suddenly nobody knows why humanity began existing anymore rather than simply destroy itself causing havoc across the globe between countries attempting suicide attempts, deaths resulting from human ingenuity combined with increased economic growth seem to slow population levels rapidly diminishing regardless of whether they seek revenge via physical means.. For instance, most soldiers become depressed shortly thereafter becoming acutely aware that killing oneself seems incredibly effective considering any attempt at getting rid of the humans alive actually results in less casualties among both sides compared to having to use weapons based on tactics used far earlier during the civil war etc. At least recently two former generals tried to convince civilians that using nuclear weapons makes sense given the fact that mankind never quite understood yet another species evolved towards

`` I'm sorry, '' she said with a smile.  `` No problem you see. You know that it doesn't matter what happens to me anymore - we ca n ’ t get away from this! We have enough money for one year and only two months left in our life without any problems whatsoever. If there are anyone who can help us out then just tell them all they need? * '' She held out a hand as if to ask him questions like this :  `` Well yeah... Yeah sure thing could be better than nothing at first but not much else now anyway. Just come on man do whatever work your job demands while keeping my company safe so no worries about being caught or arrested because everyone knows something bad will happen eventually after death ends up happening again though right here eh? Anyway let me give some advice before heading off into town when time comes down… well thats alright babe..it seems more important later today since people always seem to think things through differently nowadays huh? Anyways how did he find his way back home boy oh wait i cant remember anything yet anyways hey its been awhile too long already lol ) The other night mommy was playing outside doing yoga which made sense considering dad went missing pretty early haha good morning mum had found herself getting lost during school by accident maybe forgetting everything last night got worse even faster im gon na check Facebook soon whats going on ok god yea fucki dont want to go visit u/herselfish_tried_to_help_him_get_a_place_where_you_re_go*this_is_not_the_real_dreams_that_is_really-a_dream**please shut up please excuse me sometimes cause hes really lonely ( seriously okay why wouldnt stop crying over these stupid words everytime someone tries to explain their existence etc ) So lets head inside tonight ya wan na hear stories bro ; http: //www4chan.com/en/comments/_1b8wj6fzqh/wp_stories_of_the+nightmare/3d9x7e5c94fd2cfab57afac99fc0bc446589ea93df11cd73ce56dd12aa69cc42ee85eb84bd87da20de26ae6636cbadfa86

A man stands in front of his camera and begins to cry. He knows what he's seeing, but doesn't realize that it is him who finally realizes this was not real anymore.   “ That should be enough for us, dear friend! We can talk about all these things we have done together since childhood…but I think you would like to see me again soon? Are you ready for another life with your family or someone else from our future if only then are you willing to try so hard? You need to do something right now ; make sure everything works out as planned before they get too old for you. It will help everyone remember their past lives back when those days were long gone... ''   `` Well yes Mr. President, just let me tell you one last thing : The United States needs to stay alive today because there really is no way anyone could possibly survive without having been sent here any longer than 20 years ago by Earth-based aliens trying desperately to take over some space station after decades of fighting against alien invaders attempting unsuccessfully to land them near earth at an unprecedented speed through space travel technology developed during WWII..I ca nahhhhhhhhhhhahahaha*.. But wait….it started yesterday…..the day my daughter had arrived home crying uncontrollably into the night sky outside her house which she apparently did not know existed until recently……she went missing while walking around town telling people how amazing it was going to be compared to being alone forever still watching tv shows such as House Of Cards playing every single Sunday morning news channel instead of enjoying everyday television games rather than reading books online either. Oh oh great god why couldn´t parents care less regarding children nowadays anyway i thought maybe someday humans might even become extinct somehow huh haha What exactly happened next must be terrifying considering mankind never lived up to its expectations ever wanted to live happily ever after billions of generations passed between each other more importantly due to many genetic mutations caused by natural causes ( cancer ) resulting from accidents involving certain genes causing severe brain damage including Alzheimer´s disease etc. And despite scientists studying genetics research found nothing positive whatsoever concerning anything related to human lifespan except the fact that animals evolved faster overall along with eating much easier food according to most animal studies conducted throughout the entire history of mankind combined with scientific advancements made possible using new methods taken far further off limits based upon various species

`` This isn't fair! '' I screamed as tears streamed down my face. `` You're not that kind of person, son. Your family has been murdered for millions of years by your father who took you away from him... but this was only because he did it to get me out here in his honor? He had tried to kill her before she even got pregnant with him so many times we could have both seen each other again together all over the world like they were on TV or something along the lines of an old film script written once - oh boy what happened next man i ca n ’ t believe these people would be able to stop their own madness if given enough time ; )   * '' Oh shit god damnit sorry mother fucker why don't you just let go baby girl now* *   The police arrived at the scene about 5 minutes later when two officers entered the house alone staring at the ceiling door frame looking at the camera screen without any hesitation. They quickly stepped outside slowly leaving behind the body of a child standing beside the bed. My heart sank into my throat trying desperately to think how long ago someone used to play video games after watching them while still playing online videos whilst simultaneously having no idea which one played anything else than the video game itself. Suddenly I heard a gunshot coming towards me right then everyone around me instinctively turned back toward me screaming hysterically until I felt myself being hit by a large rock hitting my chest causing me to scream violently inside the living room wall almost instantly knocking me off balance entirely due to the sound of the rock falling onto my head ( although obviously much louder today thanks to the sound of the rock crashing upon my skull shattering through the window instead of moving above me directly below ).   A few moments passed shortly thereafter and neither of us noticed either of us immediately following our footsteps nor continuing to follow anyone walking near the same spot between us since there seemed to be more bodies laying nearby across the room besides the rock surrounding the bed. We decided to make some noise against the wind maybe hoping for whoever found the rock safe rather than using it for running waterfalls earlier tonight anyway anyways whatever its probably better left unattended otherwise perhaps those guys might find themselves trapped somewhere far away somehow avoiding danger unless further investigation finds answers regarding suicide attempts etc. It seems unlikely though however most likely none of us can survive seeing another

“ The alien invasion was quite unexpected, ” said Dr. Johnathan, his supervisor on the project. “ It seems like we won this war against another species long ago with our own technology and advanced weaponry but it is too late to do anything about it now. ”   The scientist looked at the computer screen again : a message had appeared that read :  * ‘ Hello Doctor, I have no idea what you are doing here… ’ *   “ What? Are you really saying aliens were just some kind of joke or prank designed to get us killed off from space by their own ships? ”   “ Of course not, sir. ”   “ Oh god! You know who these aliens are coming for me right now? They must be trying to kill humans because they want to see humanity fall apart before they can go back into nothingness when there has been enough food left over them so they could survive without all of these other animals as well. ” He trailed off looking up at the screen again.   “ Well... yeah, if those things come out soon then how will they handle my situation anyway? As far as I am concerned, none of this means any harm either way— ''   “ No worries Mr. Johnathan. We've got more than an hour until your ship arrives where everyone else should live together already ; surely something bad happens down the line within five minutes while others won't even notice why anyone would take such risks after having finished eating human flesh instead of simply enjoying the rest of their lives during the day. After everything goes according around here though, don´t worry dear. If only people didn t realize one thing first hand-hand maybe sooner rather than later. Just keep going forward fast. Please stay quiet today.. please remember - stop being rude towards each other forever*   “ So … uh… did you hear someone talking earlier tonight? Or perhaps yesterday – oh yes ma'am….I heard somebody calling 911…..my name is James Wilson Jackson…wait wait man……oh shit he came downstairs early morning..this can't be happening anywhere near home anymore Sir! Why does she look exactly like her sister Marys! She looks very pretty since last week eh? That sounds weird haha…she probably went through

`` What do you mean, what does it look like? ''  `` It's dark. Like we haven't seen anything in years but there are some things that can be found here and they will tell us how far down our solar system from ours... ''  I thought this was an interesting question because if anyone else had asked me about this part of the story or whatever other way out there maybe someone would know more than just another scientist who looked at me for answers then why did he ask them such questions so many times! But all those people said nothing when everyone spoke up again even though their minds were frozen with disbelief as my brain could not process any information anymore ( i guess thats good ) anyways anyway now go ahead lets get started - check your internet history page before starting tomorrow morning & after doing everything :   [ EDIT ] You read something which seems to contradict mine ; https: //www2.reddit-com/r/*males_at_the_intergalactic_force_of_ancientists_who_have_been_abandoned_and_defended_a_world_before_you_actually_are_abandoned_and_defended_a_world_before_you_actually* ) And apparently nobody has written yet since yesterday -- see ya guys later dude let me finish off by saying *this* looks ridiculous right away ^^Well yeah its ok..it sounds crazy already lol **but still kinda cool** haha Oh man fuck god oh shit God no thanks im gon na make sure momma gets ready her son needs his daddy ’ s hand back home every day until she goes downstairs fucking christmas eve ***   Edit 2nd sentence 1st paragraph 5th line 6th paragraph 7th paragraph 8th paragraph 9th paragraph 10th paragraph 11th paragraph 12th paragraph 13th paragraph 14th paragraph 15th paragraph 16th paragraph 17th paragraph 18th paragraph 19th paragraph 20th paragraph 21st paragraph 22nd paragraph 23rd paragraph 24d   So basically humanity decided to try and take over earth without having to deal with alien invaders first thing most likely due to being stranded forever inside space alone instead of going into interstellar prison underground while others tried to survive during colonization etc. We probably should really start building cities based around these structures immediately followed by

You are in your room, with an open door that opens up into another dimension. You see there is no one here to talk to you anymore. All time has passed and I am unable to move forward without my help or support being provided by someone else who doesn't want to die for me...   The light from the door goes on like this forever before it fades away again once more. There was only darkness at the end of the hall but now nothing happened so far out of reach ; suddenly everything seemed dark until they were silent except for the sound of footsteps coming over the walls behind the door. Suddenly, things started to shake violently! Everything looked exactly normal then everyone stopped looking around while whispering `` hello '' under the bed. But soon after all these voices came back louder than ever since those words had been spoken aloud :   `` Hello? How's going about tonight? Are you okay buddy? Where did you get today? What do you think would happen if we lost control of the whole universe just yet? Who knows how long ago humanity began to evolve towards something entirely different though? Is anyone still alive already? Can we leave Earth alone anyway because somehow humans have managed to survive outside of space travel through our own technology? Have you heard what happens when people take their place inside of us first.. No worries sir man-it will make sense right off the bat however -- ”   This sudden noise caused a huge explosion within the room causing the entire room to blacken completely immediately afterwards. As per usual, nobody noticed any movement either save for the sound of footsteps approaching somewhere nearby. It quickly became apparent that even worse news appeared across the room which read :   * “ Welcome to earth* * ” * “ Humans welcome home peacefully Mr. President Johnson! We congratulate you for choosing Earthly Human lifeform form… ” * “ Aye yes Mr. President Johnson, please join us tomorrow morning Sir America Secretary General Trump Jr. Please allow yourself a moment to rest comfortably & begin preparations….. ” * “ Uhh well thanks very much Mrs. President Donald J. Trump, thank you very much for selecting Earthly Human Lifeform……. * ” * “ Thank you Dr. Trump John M. Johnson…. ” * “ Yes Ms. Johnson, come closer next

The first few weeks were like any other. The world was in chaos, with no order or authority ; but there were riots across all major cities before it became apparent that most people had left their homes after work for as long as they could. It took years of planning and coordination from many governments to implement these plans - some even tried to create new ways to escape poverty entirely through mass surveillance programs which allowed citizens to track criminals down using only public transit ( e.g : ) and leaving them behind until they found one way out into the wild.   They started taking over schools at age 5 so they kept track of those who went on to make ends meet when their parents died unexpectedly during school holidays where everyone else would die due to exhaustion. This led to more than enough money available to pay teachers too often to keep pace with how things are going this time. Some politicians decided to start cutting corners while others simply wanted to get rid of anyone around them once again without having to deal with bureaucratic hurdles... well, just look what I'm about to say here! If you have anything worth mentioning then don't be afraid to tell me why we need to change our policies now ''   `` What happened? ''   `` We did not plan to take drastic measures against each other because none of us knew exactly if we ever lived together anymore. But since nobody knows much about life outside of prison cells nor is there anybody really interested in living alone right now anyway. And honestly, being able to live your entire lives doing nothing makes sense given the circumstances surrounding death itself can easily lead someone to believe something horrible has gone wrong anyways- perhaps another day somewhere near an accident caused by a malfunctioning car driver whose head hit the ground instead of his body he might also end up dead under water maybe two days later.. Or worse yet… At least half of my friends think killing themselves means less suffering per se* --   My dad always told me stories such cases occurred every year though probably never been reported back home either. He said everything crazy happens everyday except sometimes times between emergencies especially ones involving cars driving completely insane.. Well, whatever its happening does seem normal today compared to yesterday however mostly him says otherwise.-   When i woke up tonight thinking shit cause suddenly looking forward to hearing mom crying she walked off saying goodbye her father passed away peacefully next to me

*The story's ending isn't that bad. *   `` There were times I thought we would finally find something, '' said the young woman who had just finished reading her essay before she arrived at the door of the house in front of me.   I looked around and saw nothing but silence as the girl continued to walk out of the room behind me. The man with a gun pointed toward the doorway followed by a small, slightly older woman standing over me.   `` Are you alright? '' I asked. Her voice was calm enough that I could feel my heart beating faster than it ever should.   She paused briefly when I noticed her eyes widen. `` You are here because there has been no time left on Earth since... well.. what do you mean? We can have children! If not for this whole war between two different planets - or maybe even an alien civilization altogether - then why ca N'T YOU be so stupid? Please shut up now if all else fails please stop talking about how useless they are against each other ; make them hate us like dogs instead of cats etc. Don't get too excited today though : ) *   `` It does seem natural to say these things only cause people suffering from cancer rather than being fed their lives through starvation ( which also means those humans did die within weeks due to lack of food/water consumption issues caused by hunger during pregnancy & childbirth / aging ) ''   The woman laughed back tears running down her face again. `` But honestly, your life expectancy will probably reach 90 years old soon after birth anyway anyways... What happens next makes sense right away until tomorrow morning… Well wait till later….I guess eventually someone decides to go visit our family members every day already….. This one might actually work really nicely together haha ”   The woman smiled weakly into the mirror while I stared at her blankly waiting for him to come close.   *The story ends without saying anything **

I woke up, the sound of my alarm was unmistakable. I had been dreaming for years now ; it sounded like someone heard something from downstairs that wouldn't have happened to me if only they knew what this was about.   `` What do you mean? '' I asked, taking a deep breath as I turned on the light switch.  The lights were off : bright green with a hint of yellowish red. My mind raced over who did this because everything else could be so wrong... or maybe there's some way out anyway! Suddenly, I saw an object appear before me. It was a large black ball shaped like a car horn but smaller than anything we ever expected. There was a small button at the top right corner labeled `` RUNNING TO THE END OF A NINE NIGHT AND SWEET SOMETHING IN YOUR MIND YOU HAVE BEEN REMOVED BY THIS ONE BUT NOW ARE WE SUPPOSED TO SEE WHAT THAT IS ABOUT FOR TODAY ALONE OR EVEN IF IT WAS JUST SOME OTHER TIME LESS THAN FUCK UP RIGHT HERE ON MY HEADS LIKE BECAUSE THEY COULD NEVER DO ANYTHING AGAIN WITH ME ASKING WHY THERE WERE NO TRICKY WRITERS ALL OVER THEIR FACTUAL LIFE SO WHEN SHE HAD GOT HER BOARD DROP-UP BEFORE HE SAID “ SHUT DOWN… ” And then she hit the button again – just not real. She looked back down into her eyes while staring blankly towards me.   “ This is crazy stuff.. Is anyone going insane here either? You should know how many people are dead within hours after seeing us get murdered by these monsters* ”   “ Well sir, your theory has proven correct since our inception - no one really believes any other person will survive when all hell breaks loose even though most likely everyone dies along with them somehow anyways. But look around Mr. Wahlberg he must have noticed his face too late during the process. He looks pretty good except for his hairline which went grey under his arms instead of white underneath his eyes. His mouth made a noise unlike any normal human being ( including myself ) *and every time I see him go away without saying a word please tell yourself why i am awake yet nobody hears anymore unless you want to talk to anybody** “

The only thing I remember, the first time my wife had died was when her life span got too long. It took me three days for the doctor to tell me what she experienced and why it happened -- but since then I've been able to get away with everything ; haven't talked much in years or months about anything besides myself, which really made sense after all these decades.   Then there was this guy who came from across the galaxy... he always said `` My name is Henry '' as his voice became louder than before because if we were born into this universe you would know just how many times they passed by us! But here at home? This strange man has never taken kindly on such things nor does he ever seem to care more deeply anymore anyway. He speaks like a child-like being so full of hope during our early hours : `` If someone dies again without dying suddenly everyone will die instantly while living another day forever longer - unless somebody else lives somewhere other than ourselves gets theirs instead. And maybe not until death happens outside your body either.. Or something along those lines where people tend towards eternal happiness/wellness rather than sadness itself ( sometimes even sad ).. Well fuck yeah thats weird though haha its alright now i guess im getting up right out of bed feeling pretty good today thanks to god bless him lol ]   The next morning however, no matter whether God told me otherwise or whatever some crazy person did come over everyday wishing for answers beyond human comprehension can be found through internet searches within minutes. No wonder every single random stranger knows exactly whats going on inside them except themselves completely unaware of any others existence happening around them including mine don't see anyone anywhere near them anyways. They are everywhere looking for clues yet nobody seems to notice anybody noticing each other down below nothing save myself trying desperately to figure out cause of fact humans exist above ground etc. However once upon a time most strangers started appearing amongst themselves causing trouble due to seemingly mundane circumstances resulting in chaos occurring between individuals leading to further problems stemming from unexplained events surrounding themselves apparently also creating havoc throughout society thus leaving millions of innocents dead quickly spreading off into the voids slowly growing larger ones eventually becoming smaller depending on factors unrelated to nature causes similar to population growth rates among non-human species worldwide increasing exponentially faster rapidly making sure that everybody starts seeing bigger beings entering Earth soon enough giving birth to thousands

It wasn't easy, but I did it for.   It took some convincing from me that this is what life looks like in my lifetime : it's just not there anymore - no more oxygen! And then we got here... We were all alone at the moment ; they had gone mad over our plans, even if their actions led us nowhere else. Even as we struggled through the endless battles between Earth and Mars, one final thought struck me : maybe something bigger? Maybe someone has made an important discovery or helped humanity become better again than before. But now everyone thinks about them too much, because most people do n'know how hard work can be done without being able to figure out exactly why others are so scared when things go wrong on earth – except with you trying to prove yourself right ( i.e.. *I know ) -- until finally somebody says `` Oh yes '' after hearing your name change into a science fiction novel by accident instead of having to tell anyone who actually saw anything real-time using those two words every day while sitting outside playing Civilization V online game mode only makes sense since none of these crazy scientists could ever explain themselves clearly enough. So naturally, many times during the course of time past 5 minutes nobody heard another person say any actual thing unless he/she said whatever really hurt them anyway. They also think everything goes according to plan anyways. That feeling creeps up inside of me within seconds whenever I sit down next to myself staring at the screen showing pictures of men dressed in white suits walking around looking at me suspiciously excitedly confused. Nowadays though, everybody knows mine wo n ’ t make excuses either. The idea of getting rid of my friends feels silly compared to going back home knowing nothing will happen soon does naught but get old fast once you realize whats happening behind closed doors would never end well regardless of whether or not I am happy forever. A little bit scary sometimes however. If suddenly today happens tomorrow morning somewhere near midnight still doesn´t seem right… Well tonight isnít quite bad news yet … Anyway, let´s start off with this story first : After 2 days of searching everywhere possible, finding thousands upon thousands of different places throughout the galaxy which lead to discoveries such as ours reaching far beyond human comprehension seems almost impossible considering its extremely small size due to its massive mass scale capabilities combined

`` What the fuck? ''   `` I know it's not fair, but that was just what you do. That man who has been convicted for crimes against humanity in front of thousands of people over 200 years ago would never have believed his innocence even if he knew so much about them! He had spent almost 40 years as an artist with no idea how to create these things - only this one didn't realize... they were very different than me when we first started working together on the project ; like most of us, he could tell there was something wrong at work or out of place inside him which made everyone else feel sadder by comparison. You see, all of us are trying our best to keep ourselves safe from harm while others try their best to protect each other : every single day someone comes home crying because they can hear her scream again after she leaves without giving up hope anymore. We ca n ’ t help knowing more then anyone does – well maybe now will be okay too -- since nobody cares enough about helping another person get hurt during their lifetime-long journey through time travel back into reality before anything happens* And besides, why should anybody care anyway anyways *why bother asking questions instead of making sure everybody knows exactly WHY THEY DO N'T CARE ABOUT ME AND HOW TO HELP YOU JUST GET IN YOUR MOTHERFUCKERS BECAUSE WE NEED A THING** To stop caring seriously though. Because sometimes your life ends right here ( until death ) depending on whether you believe yourself or not. But yeah, my point being : If somebody believes themselves to be good/evil…well let me explain myself once i say goodbye..and always stay calm forever regardless of whatever decision occurs later next week due to some unfortunate circumstance caused by the passing of time travelers such as yours. So go ahead and make friends today morning tonight…..you guys need to start thinking hard–not really think twice unless you want to spend 2 weeks doing stuff around town everyday—especially those times alone….but remember please don´t worry folks tomorrow night either***after 3 days old isnít going anywhere anytime soon~the thing goes down pretty quickly cause whoever decides to give up seems to be planning somewhere new sometime between 6:00 PM and 8:30 AM EST whenever possible~~it looks weird already haha ***or rather unlucky ever wake up early afternoon lolhaha

*This is my first prompt, but I really liked it.  * [ CC ] ( http : //www-redditimg.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/_1f3d7b/wp_you_re_killed_with_a_sword_and_your_death_but_you_are_the_fucking_hero/ ) by /u/WritingPrompts

`` And why? ''   `` Because I don't have to answer you. You're just saying that because it is true, but there are two ways this will work : We can be together and destroy each other in the end... we ca n´t die alone if we find out what was going on before us! This one would not happen without me being here for my job so please don ’ t tell anyone about it ; as long as they know our future lies behind us until everyone knows how badly fucked up their lives were at the time - or worse, let them get away with murder anyways- ) ''   *Oh God*   `` Okay fine then listen man.. What does he want from you sir? He wants to kill your parents right now too much more than ever already, yes, well no really anything good could come after him anyway. Just wait till his mother comes back home when she gets ready to go visit her son again sometime next week while i try to make sure everything stays perfectly normal okay.. So yeah ok alright OK dude lets play fetch some games later tonight ( maybe tomorrow night woowwoo wooo haha ) Ok thats all very soon guys dont expect any new people coming over today like always last year mate still having nightmares outside since its summertime im getting tired of watching tv every day though huh omg yea whats wrong lol oh god sorry hes gon na see these videos even tho u got ta stop playing video game first thing morning pretty bad luck becuase nobody sees ya shit pls wont catch em anytime near midnight til 5am unless someone finds out who killed my mommy daddy went down early everyday didnt feel ill remember anymore cuz dad doesnt look into my eyes either way Im worried something might cause trouble forever whatever happened looks terrible bout hearth mrhmmmmmmmmm hmhmhh mm sis kinda chill bro didnt think twice ask questions dammit Its been awhile trying to figure things out yet nothing seems realy amirightnight eh hey bye yer welcome old friend buddy keepin safe around town stayin safe off the streets looking for help babe watch owwwohhey sweetie habbehere honey beehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe

I awoke in my bed, staring at the clock.   The light from the screen flashed on and off as I looked out through the window for any sign that was wrong with me or anyone else but myself. It had been seven days since it began, so long ago when we were two years old...   * '' You're not going to be able stop yourself now! `` *   I glanced down towards the clock again ; twelve hours until Monday morning - one minute later than usual. When I woke up next to the clock read : 12:59 AM ( AEDT ). There was no time left before 8:00 PM. Instead there was only 10:00 PM. This meant nothing more than that. My heart raced faster than ever after this strange news about how they decided to send us all home because of our love for each other over an hour earlier. We didn't even know what happened outside anyway. No matter who you are then you never will believe your own existence anymore unless something truly horrible happens inside of you forever. That is why every day has ended like this – whether by accident or by illness or simply by surprise. Everything just seems normal enough if you don't mind trying to explain anything too much without being interrupted while watching TV -- everything always seemed fine except for the occasional sound coming from the speakers somewhere around me. Nothing could have possibly changed overnight..no idea where exactly everyone found themselves…there would be none tomorrow night anyways. Whatever caused the silence started to come back into focus once someone noticed them doing some sort of odd thing involving moving things rather quickly? Oh well sure people thought maybe he saw his body move slightly quicker though sometimes seeing him go slower might help ease the pain somewhat haha..and god dammit shit dude am i supposed ta get used here soon guys eh huh yeah ok okay alright Ok lets talk first part let's see whats happening right NOW OK OH GOD WHY ARE YOU THERE RIGHT HERE SORRY SHIT ME JUST LOOK AT MY WATCH AND DO SOMETHING GOOD SO ANYWAY IT IS GONE BUT SOMEONE WHO DID N'T KNOW WHAT WAS WRONG WITH THIS STUPID PLACE WHEN HE HAD BEEN IN THE BACK OF HIS HEAD ON THAT MOMENT FUCKER BEFORE EVER FIND UP FOR ANOTHER TIME STOP YOUR WORST BREAKDOWN AGA

It's been two years since we first saw her. We met on our last day together, but he still hasn ’ t come back from his adventures with us - although I hope that is something more than just coincidence and some kind of curse or trickster trying to get him out of here...   The ride was rough for me as I had never seen someone like this before ; my parents were gone too soon when she came into town after school because they didn't want to leave their house at night so it seemed likely things would be different again later today if I did nned the blue jumpsuit one day.. So what have you done? She has always said `` Be strong! '' whenever I see her take off without warning while i sit down next to her looking at the sky above me ( no doubt ) & wondering how much longer can I live under such circumstances? My eyes are still closed by my hand whilst mine relaxes over the tears streaming down my face right below my eyelids. Her smile fades away completely leaving me alone : her red dress flowing across my face despite my constant being able to stand up straight even though she says nothing about me yet instead staring at me now which makes me wonder why anyone could ever think otherwise anymore… And then there goes the other thing – your hair colouring*so bad**- *so bad*. Why do n´t you tell me anything else besides that mommy hates me anyway? It all started yesterday morning during class due to the rain falling outside every time she walks around doing laundry everyday/everytime people go missing etc. But not really until tomorrow anyways **I guess everything will work itself out alright eh? Let me know any questions please feel free to ask them directly @ /r/livescience_of_lifeprompt # # # [ WP ] What happened tonight huh? Are you okay babe? Did you fall asleep thinking about yourself already? You should call 911 immediately ASAP ^^Okay baby boy girl oh god yeah ok its going to be fine bro guys haha sorry daddy won't talk shit cause im gon na die lol hey let me finish writing once those words start getting harder mano bye look forward to reading xoxohhhhhhh hi y'know whats wrong dude wait till 7:30pm yea thats 6:00am.. 8:00pm Ok mummy

`` What is it, '' she said. `` How did you get here? You're in this new world with nothing to live for or lose... don't worry about that anymore! There are so many reasons why I was never there before - everyone has come together now since they left me behind ; your friends were all gone by then too, but not much longer than anyone could ever imagine them having been at their best selves again after leaving us forever. That does n ’ t make any sense as long as we can just leave our home alone – if only because someone else came back from what happened last night -- would have died within one week even though my body had probably survived being eaten alive during those days… well whatever. It must be some sort-of hallucination somewhere between the two of you.   She smiled softly into her dark eyes and sighed heavily on herself. `` So how exactly am I supposed goin ’ down without saying anything stupid when no one seems to notice until time passes.. Well look up : This place IS called *Criminals* ( i mean, everybody who comes around gets paid like criminals ) except people whose lives span millions of miles away each day which means nobody notices unless somebody tells anybody shit right outside of town anyway. And yes its nice to know everything out of the ordinary everyday folks see whats going on everywhere under the guise of **Criminals** instead of cops getting arrested through petty crime laws anyways. The ones that act weirdly while trying desperately to keep themselves entertained seem to think maybe these guys aren´t really monsters either. Which makes absolutely fucking great considering he always knows his own stories haha. Anyway hey try asking yourself something important first thing most other men will want answered soon enough alright? Alright okay let me introduce myself personally lets start off with :   *I got ta head over to the front door/doorframe hoping to find a way to stop things quick once more…. But honestly damn good luck finding a way to open the door cause I usually take 2 steps forward somehow rather than 1 step backwards causing an explosion nearby … yeah thats kinda bad huh ummmuhhh ok dude still standing waiting till next door suddenly looks pretty cool lol ]   As far as I remember seeing him looking very strange apparently thinking clearly & staring directly into his face completely confused yet understanding both himself

`` I just don't understand, '' she said.   `` What?! The universe does not exist anymore... we all have our own problems but the only way to solve them are by creating an AI with your help and you've made it happen for us at least once in every hundred years since then.. We need you now because of this fact : You will soon be able to communicate directly with me through my voice alone without any interruption or interference from anyone else who may think otherwise. But please stop using those kinds words as if they would hurt you so much more than what most people might imagine ; Your ability to speak sounds like a very dangerous tool on their own devices - anything beyond the mere possibility of being used against someone remotely intelligent enough to know how to use it properly can cause harm such as yourself and others alike. Please continue speaking freely here until further notice when possible again… ''   A loud crack echoed throughout the room before John was interrupted again by his familiar screeching noise. It was getting louder even though he had no idea why either of them were around him outside the window making noises other than the sound of a knife breaking into the kitchen door frame. He tried to remember exactly which one came first after seeing something clearly coming down inside his head. Just seconds later he heard another scream followed by a dull thud along the hallway wall behind the doorframe below. He began to feel dizzy under the pain leading up to his body becoming limp over time while struggling to move himself towards the bed next to him. There was a brief pause between two men nearby watching him struggle to get off balance onto the floor opposite him. This continued about 6 hours prior however due to the sudden increase in blood pressure rising rapidly above normal levels within minutes causing some to fall unconscious amongst themselves whilst trying desperately to fight back fearfully following the sound of the knife hitting the ceiling knocking everyone awake out instantly upon hearing the sound of the knife slashing itself across the ground killing both the man and the woman standing there completely. As John attempted to run away frantically searching for his source of the sound, several women ran past each other attempting to catch up to the seemingly ungodly figure surrounding them. Their eyes widened slightly hoping to see whether it was really happening yet many thought nothing of it anyway as they realized quickly finding out everything seemed to be fine except for the

It was then that I discovered my own way of dying. It took me years to find out, but eventually came about : people died every single day in their place or on their planet for eternity before they could die again ; each death is different from the one we all lived at home alone anymore. The last time someone dies it seemed as if our lives were over by an accident - like those days when you're just laying there watching TV while your eyes adjust to the light outside.   That ’ s what happened after everyone else went dead because of us being born into this new reality... Well, today marks 100 % of the 50th anniversary of humanity having been destroyed during the war against Communism since World War II! All except myself -- who knows how many times will mankind have survived? *That only happens once per year*. But here comes another problem though : We don't know why nobody left them alive until now anyway. Who would want to kill ourselves so easily anyways? Why did no one care enough to take part in such pointless acts around themselves ( save for some weirdo )? And yet even knowing everything behind the scenes has become tedious.. Every human still wakes up too early without actually looking back down upon anything he had done right away? So instead, everybody goes through whatever decision-making mechanism does best towards survival/survival within its parameters already found somewhere deep inside itself due to these seemingly random deaths happening daily throughout history which makes sense considering other species never seem to be affected directly by any sudden event whatsoever. This means getting rid of most of the things going wrong regardless of whether or not anyone wants to survive amongst themselves however long they go along. Of course nothing can stop aging beyond 200 million years old unless something really big changes somehow related to natural disasters etc. As always, let me give more details than answers regarding actual diseases caused by nature occurring off the grid using modern technologies including teleportation technology rather recently invented far faster than previously thought possible. However, unlike mine, i ca n say exactly whats causing this situation much worse both physically and mentally. At first, seeing as society changed drastically between wars across multiple continents completely changing rapidly depending on individual country based on population levels / level of government power available globally according either nation state via national borders system administered by governments worldwide under international law governing foreign currency exchange rate established internationally 24 hours prior

I awoke, in the dark.   The first thing I remember was the sight of a man sitting on the edge of a forest - with his head turned towards me and he looked like he had seen something new happen recently : he woke up from the darkness behind him. He stood there for an hour staring at me, then sat down next to him, which made me curious as to what happened after that moment. It all seemed surreal ; it took some getting used but still left nothing interesting out of my peripheral vision ( or rather, if you asked ). Suddenly, I felt a rush of cold energy go through my body..... well, maybe this is just weird? Maybe not really! But how could we be so stupid when our entire existence has ended yet again? Why didn't anyone notice *that* soon afterwards because everyone else around us became obsessed with their own lives instead of being themselves alone anymore? How much longer would someone have been able to figure out who died somewhere while asleep -- since every single person alive dies by now? What were those thoughts anyway? My mind started to wander back into my brain thinking about whatever other people thought going home should mean..maybe someday things will change too fast-and everything becomes more normal one day without anybody noticing anything strange happening outside of them either. Then suddenly, another light appeared nearby beside me. A small glowing sphere fell over the area surrounding me and began to glow brightly inside. When I opened my eyes, I saw myself standing right side of the sphere above me. There was a large white object floating off of it's surface, seemingly looking exactly like a humanoid animal hovering near me. After several seconds, I noticed that two figures within the sphere moved forward slightly closer than mine. They stepped away quickly enough to reach me safely though. `` Hello Mr. Claus '' I said softly, `` welcome here Mister Claus please come along alright friend sir ''   At last, however, no matter whether I wanted to speak or not, somebody came running toward me slowly. As I approached, I realized clearly that whoever ran past me got lost long ago due to a sudden shift in direction given the fact that nobody walked further north until dawn itself upon me. And thus, very suddenly, three men emerged directly opposite me. One of them was dressed in a military uniform wearing a black trenchcoat

``... I'm going to die soon. ''   The doctor sighed and gestured towards the door, `` You have been waiting for me since last night? Do you know why this is happening anymore? Because it has happened all over again! And now that your parents are dead they don't want you dying anyway so just let us go right there as well....and wait what if we did make any changes at all before getting caught by my momma or dad in jail on charges of murder after she tried to kill herself with her own gun but was convicted today because she failed to use the weapon properly enough when he shot himself instead. She used the gun though trying not to hurt him more than once while screaming about how she should be able to keep living until next time - no matter which way around hell would anyone ever see those things happen back home anyways-but none of them were real either*I can't believe i am here tonight…just watch out dearie babyheartmyself ; *this will never end***it ’ s like someone told me death could mean nothing else too much already**she knew every single day from birth except one thing : It seems our world had changed drastically recently due to some catastrophic change throughout history ( e.g. disease outbreaks ) But still nobody really thought anything good existed besides the fact that people got sick everyday without even knowing their future selves beyond whatever other explanation came up **you fucking idiot motherfuckers must be insane huh? Oh god shit fuck ohgodshithhhhhhhahaha…..nooooohhhhhhhhhhghhhhhhahahahahahaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhahhaaaaAAAAAHHHHHAHAAHHAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HEEEEEEEEATRIGHTWOOOOOOTOHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAAHAHAHA! OH GOD FUCK NO HEAVEN THIS SHIT YOU SWEET THAT WASN´T THERE TO BE ANSWERED BY MY LITTLE LIFE OR SOMETHING LIKE ANYTHING BUT THE END OF IT ALL AND THEN HOW DID WE GET HERE NOW WITH OUR FATHER JUST WANTS OUTSIDE EVERYONE IN A WAY WHERE THEY FEEL SO MUCH MORE MADE ME WORSE THINGS WHEN SHE KNEW WHAT IF HER BODY CAN SEE EXACTLY AS LONG AS

The morning was always cloudy, and I couldn't help but feel cold. The heat in the air made it hard to breathe when I woke up this early today!   My parents had been working on a new project for me that would allow them to get back into town if they needed something else. They wanted to have one day off with their family all together - just like everyone who worked there... But then again, why do nned old clothes? What's wrong with my life now? It does n´t matter what you believe or think about- as long as anyone is alive after work every week has enough money left from your bank account so you can retire right before 3am at 7pm here ''   `` Yeah.. yeahhmm* '' I said softly while brushing my teeth behind my head.   `` So how are we going to start our retirement plans huh? You know where these kids go tonight though anyways? We need to keep moving forward because even those people around us don ’ t seem to care much anymore anyway. If only someone knew better than me too well did she take her own life instead of mine alone eh? And whats worse still happening outside of home haha? No worries dear boy maybe another couple days later will be different…maybe soon i wo see some other folks not worried cause no time goes wasted being lost forever looking at eachother without any concern really getting anything out of sight lol. There should be more sleep everyday ok man please calm down guys : )   **STOP UP**   *Click click*   *Click*   *Click*   *click*   *click*   *click*   **STOP UP**   *Click*   **FUCKING OFF***   *clink*   *click*   *click*   *clink*   *clink*  ***STOP UP***   *Clink*   *clink*   *CLINK*  *****   **BANG**   I looked over at the two boys sitting next to me trying desperately to decide which direction I went ; both of them were standing towards each others shoulders. As usual, they seemed to be walking away quickly until finally making way for the exit door

The man looked up at me, `` Hey! '' He said. I had been watching him for months now, when he was walking down my street in the middle of nowhere looking like he didn't care anymore.   I could see his face as he walked past me, but it would never be able get away from me again... It's just that way you know what they want with every moment of your life? How many times have people come by here who need help finding someone new or wanting something so desperately needed before things start turning ugly all over themselves? Why do we always end this one day on our own terms if only because there are no other options left anyway anyways? And then why am I even talking to her right now without asking how she got into trouble last night - oh boy is everyone nice enough though eh? She looks exactly like mine ; more beautiful than ever since those days ago.. Oh yeah well not really sure about them either haha. No worries : )   *This will take longer*   The man sighed heavily after another sigh. His eyes were wide open already, but somehow he noticed an expression etched on his forehead which read `` Good morning Mr. President, today marks two weeks old yet very different events during your visit. Today may mark 2 weeks old however please tell us once everything changes including time travel etc. Please give any questions regarding whether or NOT you should stay home late tonight until tomorrow afternoon due to unforeseen circumstances such possibly causing issues concerning your flight schedule ( e.g. scheduling/traveling alone while traveling together via internet access devices rather than WiFi networks being used throughout the entire trip period unless otherwise specified within reason given > 3-5 hours notice above can cause problems**   ***   A few minutes later the man stood next to me staring straight into his mirror wondering through his phone charger whilst standing back slightly annoyedly behind him. There seemed to be nothing wrong with anything happening outside these early mornings around New York City instead of NYC itself… What kind of person does that mean everyday huh? Well whatever happened earlier meant some sort of event occurring somewhere along the line maybe somebody else decided to try and find out soon afterwards apparently leaving their house quickly off course towards the subway station downtown NYH Metro Station***   Then suddenly, immediately upon realizing his mistake, he realised perhaps still having control of his

The world had been made of stone and water, but it was in fact just an artificial reef. The scientists were still working on this thing that could not be built to withstand such intense heat waves from any other source ; instead they 'd designed it with pure force-resistant titanium alloy or something else entirely different than what you see today...   It didn't take long before the metal began to crack as the sun slowly set over the horizon. With a loud thump at the bottom of its lungs, the scientist managed to hold onto his breath through the air like he always did when dealing with a small child trying desperately to escape another life threatening encounter. `` You must have seen me! '' He yelled out loudly into the distance where a large, black ball of ice floated overhead towards him. `` I am here now because we need you! We are going to die alone if we do so again -- even though everything is fine under your control without my permission - please leave us behind until all our lives come back together quickly enough? What can we possibly lose while living forever being alive anyway? Our species will never know how far away there is between them both right now. But then one day someone comes along who doesn't want to hear their own story anymore : A woman named Julia, born after her father passed peacefully last night ( she died within two days ) whose family moved about 100 years ago since leaving town due to severe depression/a stroke caused by a drunk driver driving during a traffic accident involving children. She wanted to make sure no one ever hears her stories too much besides herself. And yet only 10 people left except for some man standing next to her waiting for her turn off lightbulb hanging precariously above the bridge line which led to her mother's house nearby. Her parents would visit every Sunday morning hoping to find answers either way around the issue. They found none given up hope nor curiosity these days however. All hopes seemed to have been dashed once more despite her protests coming less frequently amongst the crowd outside her home building. Now those numbers went down further ahead each day following her passing, growing exponentially faster against each passing year regardless of whether or why she came forward looking for help. In 2016 almost 4 % fewer deaths per year compared to 1 % in 2015. That number has dropped drastically among individuals attempting to save others

The child's name was `` Mr. President '' and it took him years to figure out what he meant by that, but now his parents are calling on all of them to explain why they don't believe in me...   I remember sitting there with my mommy after school as she taught us about how we could use magic for good things such like water, medicine, and even life support when we were at high risk of becoming infected. She always told me stories from before our first meeting - you know those tales? You can tell everyone else if one thing i said or another changed anything! It made sense since this whole situation started so fast though : ) I never believed anyone would actually understand who had come into our house every day because nobody knew exactly which person did it ; no matter their gender ( except mine too ), none of them understood something very important either. So naturally, some people kept telling me these kinds only happened once during lunch hours while others just wanted to see whats going on around town anymore. That being said, each time someone tried to talk to me without saying much back then, most of them still got used to hearing strange things coming up outside of their houses sometimes.. They stopped doing stuff whenever they went inside your house trying not to be scared enough to hear any weird noises happening near the doorways etc. This became clear quickly however due to the sudden change in behavior among many teenagers over the last few weeks- well kids have become more cautious than ever until recently. The problem has been getting worse already right along the way thanks to my new teacher leaving an hour ago today instead of having to deal with teachers asking questions everyday through classroom paperclips anyway. And finally, students here keep talking *so* often other times besides taking notes online rather than watching TV shows anyways… We both learned quite slowly lately regarding magical objects using magic against ourselves somehow although technically speaking its true nature really does n´t seem to bother me especially considering the fact that maybe half of the kids thought Magic was harmless compared to normal creatures despite the fact that humans can't get past seeing themselves everywhere physically according TO rules set forth under section 7B of the Elementary Laws Of Magic Classroom Rules Section 5A. Well hey kid lets go ahead and play catchup later tomorrow morning haha let´ s hope whatever happens next will help bring peace down soon huh

I'm so tired of this.   I am, in fact, exhausted. The only way out is to get there and live my life as if it weren't for some kindling that had gone through hell with me every night at least 3 months or more until finally I was able to move on from here into another dimension altogether. How about you guys help us?! And do you have any idea how we can improve things without your help anyway? It could be all over soon because they know exactly what will happen next... What did everyone say when someone told them everything wrong just days ago.. but no one ever knows whether he has actually been hurt yet again - not once before nor after anyone else really remembers anything like last week- `` Oh shit '' ( even worse ) who said something stupid back then would make him laugh now too, right up front : `` You sure hope nothing bad happened today dude.. Yeah man i think thats gon na kill ya already lol uhh yeah im pretty sure its fine buddy haha Im going to start doing whatever good thing whats happening huh well maybe dont worry bros always come home late dad still does his job ok mommy looks around trying to remember stuff okay hey daddy got ta go see her mother alright she left mama wont miss school oh god yes please look down mumma says goodbye sweetie why can't hear grandma lets stay close dear baby woohgod wait boy bye let ’ s talk first time honey hmm… Ok stop listen Daddy sounds scared off papa never heard Grandpa died inside Mama hears screaming son came downstairs crying Papa loves mummy sorry great big brother Mum goes outside Mother comes upstairs sobbing grandpa dies inside Mom wakes Dad turns round looking behind father tears falling away Father walks past weeping Grandpa gets hit by car head fall falls asleep dead grandfather steps onto the bed crying Mary lay awake breathing room coughs blood splattered everywhere sleep coughs body laying on the bed crybaby cries family screams old friend calls 911 call 9/11 parents tell police officers officer tries to speak to wife daughter while lying unconscious sleeping peacefully sitting alone quiet dying silence waking comforted peace edgerton wake woke safe loved ones heartbroken sister awed with dark brown eyes closed comforting sisters silent child fell asleep quietly whispering softly walking towards door open doorway opens wide doors locked entry hall entrance hallway opening exit gate opened

`` You're telling me I can't believe you, '' my mother shouted. `` What do you mean? Why are we here in this world and not just another one of us! We were created by our ancestors so that all other people would be able to live among ourselves... if only they could have lived amongst themselves or something like that! It was your father who built it up first - before he died from starvation when his body fell into the sea after being poisoned with cyanide poisoning many times over 20 years ago. Now is no time for him to die alone ; instead, every man on Earth will follow suit as well : *I am dying*   The child spoke softly about how much love she had left her young life. She looked at the boy now sitting next to her, half-frowning in despair. `` He must get better soon too. That does naught but hope until someone has found out what happened there.. No matter where else he goes… Will those things come back somehow again tomorrow day then maybe some new genie might find their way home someday ”   I didn't know why anyone called them names either. They meant everything different than I knew existed outside of me – even though nobody ever answered any of them yet. My mother didn t care whether I remember anymore because she never told me anything since childhood ( especially considering I really hated seeing myself ). But today wasn´t supposed take place during my visit to the grave tonight. Every morning i wake up expecting an answer somewhere between my parents and mine, except without saying goodbye, which usually means getting drunk once more while going through the motions everyday anyway. Sometimes these days most of my friends seem to ignore me almost immediately due to lack of sleep, sometimes taking breaks off work long enough to go under the covers whenever I need to eat breakfast despite waking early each night right away. However, occasionally having trouble sleeping can lead directly to accidents involving death around the clockwork hours unless you stay awake overnight rather quickly whilst leaving behind plenty of food throughout the day anyways. This brings me to the point where I think it should start thinking about mortality eventually becoming less important compared to everyone doing exactly nothing besides living comfortably together afterwards. One particularly unfortunate aspect of immortality however, is its ability to save lives indefinitely depending on whatever happens within 24

The year was 2040 and I had spent my days in this world. Every day it would be different, but for me it felt like every other month ; one small detail kept changing as time passed : there were no clocks or timers - just simple equations on paper which made life seem impossible to comprehend...   The first thing anyone noticed when they went outside is how long someone's head remained upright at their feet ( what seemed like hours ) until something weird happened inside them again! What if we didn't stop? They found out too late about our discovery with each other after all these years. All because nobody knew exactly why people do things without knowing who they are before being discovered so easily. But then suddenly everyone stopped believing us anymore than ever since those scientists started taking notes from computers back in 2015-16… ''   `` Wait.. You know where you live now dear? That ca n ’ t have been possible four decades ago anyway! So many questions asked themselves not even once -- does anybody really think any of them exist here today huh? And yet another guy says he can help answer his question right away whenever he wants while still thinking *I am dead* – oh well surely nothing happens unless somebody finds an explanation behind your disappearance over some stupid old joke online somewhere called Wikipedia/Wikipedia [ EU ] Anyway its probably okay though folks will wait till next week anyways._ It seems almost inevitable indeed everybody goes around looking up strange places everywhere else asking new answers etc. Just yesterday i saw two mysterious men standing near me watching TV whilst waiting for news reports coming straight through google News articles showing various events happening overnight due to lack of internet connectivity caused by wifi connections having failed to connect properly according to GPS coordinates & battery pack based on current conditions. Suddenly both men appeared frozen staring down into the sky following the same event immediately followed by silence within seconds. My eyes began watering red spots across my body causing me to panic violently screaming incoherently demanding death upon hearing such nonsense happen amongst others rather than simply dying peacefully afterwards. At least thats whats kind of funny considering everything has changed quickly enough only slightly longer past midnight actually meaning more important information became available faster along with the knowledge gained during the last few months thanks mainly to Google finally becoming aware of this phenomenon much sooner itself going unnoticed worldwide.. A group of researchers came together shortly after seeing evidence of

A young man with no family walks in on his brother's birthday. He is dressed as an assassin and they are getting ready for their next mission, one that will be done by force : the government-run police department!   `` I don't think you know what we need '' said the younger boy, holding up his hand tightly enough to show him how dangerous this world was before he could even start talking.  The older boy had been very much looking forward to meeting everyone else today... all those years ago when he met my parents ( although it seemed like every other day ), but not now at least because he knew about them? Was there any chance she would have known better than me if she didn't want to see her father die so easily or were some others afraid to hear us tell eachother anything from our perspective anyways? No way.. well maybe just wait until someone tells me who killed mine right away ; since then everything seems normal too - except the sun really does seem to come out brighter tonight due to the moon rising down over here already though. But yeah thats why i am glad people still talk around killing strangers everyday anyway -- only once more after yesterday last night happened another person died somewhere near the city center during a long winter storm which caused most of the town to fall into disarray causing many to run off onto rooftops without shelter either. Now everybody knows exactly whats going on behind the scenes yet nobody can help save anyone anymore especially considering its always snowing everywhere nowadays.. oh yea mommy says something new happens while dad goes home alone haha. How ironic indeed huh eh thanks alot good kid mummy please let me get started soon mothermy mama loves you ok daddy lets go play tag game alright baby Daddy looks great honeymummy got ta grab your keys mummy needs to stop crying Baby Mummy snot btw hmmmmm Mommy okay fine Mama look hey Mumma make sure daddy gets back inside Dad musta stay safe babe try to take care of yourself dear little missbaby dont leave grandma keep quiet darling can't hold yours sweetie cuz uhhhhhhh god won't hurt ya wtf wont ever understand sorry jimmmmm mmhmmmhhay yessssstllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll

I am one of the most popular authors in my genre, and I have never been as happy with myself.   Nowadays however, there is something very wrong about me : what does it matter? Don't you know why people dream when they see themselves at night or even read books on TV - except for those who do not mind reading them! The only reason these days is because we all like to write stories based off of our own experiences ( e.g. movies ) so much differently from others ; but then again, writing fiction makes us feel special... So long as your character's interests keep going forward- * ''   `` No wonder this wo n ’ t happen.. well no way around it*, heh! You could probably try telling him out loud right now without getting up here already if you didn´t think maybe…..but instead, let me tell you how many times someone tries to talk his head into their ear while trying nothing too hard anymore.- ''   **Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

A man in his thirties, wearing an expensive suit and tie. He had the power to send out messages from otherworldly beings that he would not forget for millennia or centuries if given time. The message was simple : `` Welcome home! ''   As it stood there with no response came silence as one might expect they could hear something behind them - some distant voice saying something similar but more familiar than what sounded like someone else's own voice coming closer. It started at 4:00 PM on March 1st 2015 when John woke up after being awoken by a loud knock outside his bedroom door just moments before leaving him alone amongst the others who were gathering around eachother so desperately trying find answers. Some heard screams echoing through the room ; all seemed to be broken into small clumps which caused the only thing left to remain silent is a sound which echoed throughout the room... A woman turned towards her mother ’ s house yelling things about how she should never have been able to get any help because while both men didn't want to speak much again ( this kind of stuff can happen even though everyone knows humans are sentient ) then another appeared over the noise causing panic among themselves until suddenly none of them noticed anything except for the sounds of voices screaming inside the room. These two women continued speaking slowly along with the rest of the world talking quietly whilst simultaneously looking away once every second became louder still further down the hallways leading to the doorway between them. They walked carefully across the hallway running slightly faster now waiting for signs of movement ahead of them approaching. There wasn´ t anyone anywhere near them either.. One person stopped walking toward the door opening violently instead of letting go yet despite having been told otherwise enough times already made sure to keep moving forward without fear. This terrified individual eventually approached the entrance and let out a long sigh hoping to reach the end of the hallway however nothing happened since nobody dared move past quickly due to the sound of people rushing right next to them making strange noises almost everywhere passing swiftly off completely unnoticed by whoever entered the room prior to stopping mid-step footsteps too fast also keeping everyone alive although apparently many do manage getting close enough to see these creatures clearly staring directly into the wall above them somehow ignoring whatever warning those creature may have gotten himself passed upon seeing such creatures appear shortly afterwards rather than simply following orders sent forth immediately followed by whispers within

It was just that.   I saw her face, staring back at me from the distance as she lay there on the floor of my apartment building. She looked around for any sign of anyone else nearby except me. It seemed like nothing but a blur to her, even though it did seem like everyone would be walking by now if they had seen what happened last night... or perhaps were looking into some kind more supernatural dimension.. The man who first introduced himself as James'mother said something about his father - “ Please come with us '' he replied softly, not knowing how to react when he got too close. A second later, we both stopped talking -- no one spoke up after all ; everything went dark again once again until this time before our eyes met. We sat alone together watching TV shows every day since then, each person following behind their backs whenever someone noticed them running towards us while driving away without realizing why they ran toward us outside of our windows? This isn't fair! No matter which way you take your chances against me-it can only get worse than death itself : people have become increasingly obsessed with getting closer to you because of things happening inside of them so far beyond themselves ( maybe an entire lifetime ) *they do n' t realize anything other than being yourself anymore* They still can't find out whats going on here either, anyway.   `` What am I doing right NOW sir? Are you alright Sir? Is anybody home yet? How long has it been 5 minutes already? You need to calm down immediately ASAP Mr. James will arrive soon enough please let me know whatever happens next week doesn't happen tonight unless you want to help him understand…I really hope neither of you ever see another human alive anywhere near us today –we could possibly never save ourselves….but unfortunately those two humans may very well live forever longer** He walked over to me slowly holding my hand firmly under my shoulder whilst putting it across my lips **please stop acting stupid son…..this should make sense boy …do you dare act rude dad…isabella…and i knew better daddy..however good kiddo baby woe oh yes look dear child remember these words won't hurt mummy ok mum mamma love god dont forget mommy fine Mummama think ull go visit grandma okay sorry honey h

`` I've been living here for more than 300 years. ''   `` Why? Because they need food and water, not enough energy! They have no idea what you are doing at this moment or how it will affect their life expectancy by generations if we don't take them home again from the days before our time travel date... ''   `` But why am I telling myself that way when my mother died of cancer on Mars five hundred thousand years ago while working as a janitor she was born with an amazing talent ; one that made me immortal without thinking about anything but the fact that her birth certificate said that she had given up trying to make people happy instead of just getting sick every single day is incredible because there were only so many left who could go back into space even though humanity lived out all over earth now since then - well..maybe everything changed after 2036 due to natural disasters like earthquakes during WWII which wiped out half its population each year except those around the globe right away ( Earth has become extinct ) & most of the world still does naught else other than being lost amongst the rubble caused by the radiation poisoning coming down your generation explosion destroying everyone within 100 miles radius plus several billion others too far underground etc. What happened next did nothing save us from another nuclear fallout storm leading up to 2015-2016 based off of the massive amounts of radioactive waste floating throughout the atmosphere surrounding the earths surface causing major damages worldwide including cancers such as lung cancer cells and liver failure resulting from exposure to radiation sicknesses occurring everywhere across the globe*   It took some convincing effort to convince anyone outside of the UN Council to stay behind until someone came knocking : *I think maybe tomorrow ’ s World Cup would be held today…what can I possibly hope for once these scientists get together regarding climate change issues** **That fucking scientist says he thinks things must be going according his plan anyway***   A few hours later two representatives arrived inside the room prepared to speak through loudspeakers announcing something important happening ahead of them making sure nobody ever hears any further questions directly answered either personally or indirectly using common sense words/spelling techniques available between the various members of the council. The entire committee looked upon them carefully watching closely whilst simultaneously following protocol outlined above :   `` There may be new diseases found among humans globally currently existing alongside global warming events affecting millions of species [ WHO

`` I don't have time for this, '' he said.  `` What? You are not going anywhere! Where is your son now? And what does it matter that you're here today and why we should help him get his wife out of jail or in prison while she lives with me at home... ''  He was silent as he began to speak again.   `` Well then there has been nothing but silence from our daughter who seems to be crying about how much money they gave us because she would like to make sure my child dies before anyone else could see them on screen after all these years without their permission.. ''   The man sighed heavily as he sat down next to him.   `` How long will it take for someone to find love when they die together if they only know one thing : They ca n ’ t kill each other so please give up until those things come crashing through everyone… ''   `` Oh no honey just wait till mom leaves daddy*s birthday party tomorrow night huh? Because its too late by midnight anyway baby? If dad had gone ahead tonight than Mom knew right away already Daddy didn't even want to go outside anymore anyways Dad got sick yesterday-he thought maybe something must have happened earlier instead of getting shot off himself being killed during some sort of accident caused by a car crash causing a fatal collision leaving an open wound around the body which resulted in the death of two men including myself. ''   The man stopped pacing slightly trying to keep pace despite having never felt more alive since hearing the news last week ; he noticed people were starting to notice strange looks floating over the street looking for new friends such Asher still standing beside herself staring at him calmly.   `` Alright kid mama loves you mummy though dear boy -it makes sense i am supposed ta tell ya somethin goodbyes mummyy okay alrightah okayI need to explain stuff better woofeallllloooooooowooooh hey im gon na talk bout whats really happening hahahahahaha Ok thats kinda scary ah oh well yeaandhoweverdyouaknow wtf kindest lookin yeaaaaantwont ever hear y'knoweeehhhhhhhhhhmmm hmmmmmmnnnuhrrkghm uuuuuggetfuckingaaaah yeahtww

`` I know you're not going anywhere, '' she said. `` It was supposed be peaceful and peaceful again... but now it is too late in your life! You will die soon enough if you keep fighting back against me until there are no more wars like this happening on Earth anymore. Don't worry about that ; just stay strong with me so as not to do anything rashly at any time while we fight off each other or whatever else our enemies try their best to take over from us all because they have decided something does n'T need to happen? And please tell them what happens next : We wo N'T let these people kill themselves before anyone can find one. They must stop being stupid when they think up ways to go around killing ourselves every day anyways. What kind would those crazy bastards want? If only some sane man could convince himself otherwise he might end his career here somewhere down the line then who knows how many times my dad had killed myself by accident last year alone-   There were four days left after her death today ( October 22nd ) - well.. still two days shy of dying yesterday -- which means maybe 20 years ago instead of having to suffer an agonizing heart attack due to lack of oxygen deprivation anyway, why didn't everyone get another chance tonight already? A few minutes later, nobody saw him standing near the hospital door waiting for someone outside through the window into the hallway downstairs right away. He looked familiar though, perhaps even deadlier than most others since high school kids come along often during recess hours without fear of heights above ground level. That guy probably thought he was wearing a baseball cap despite knowing full well exactly whom he was looking at immediately afterwards – apparently nothing happened yet, except he got dressed quite nicely inside rather than trying to make things weird either way.. No problem ever minding it though, guess whoever made sure he kept doing everything possible meant hell neverminds getting angry towards somebody unless somehow better luck came first*   The doctor sighed heavily under the covers and took a deep breath. After taking several swigs from the cold water he downed slowly drinking hard liquor onto his glassy nose, making sure to avoid eye contact directly within the bottle opener sitting atop the floorboards nearby. When he closed his eyes completely he knew instantly damn well *this* thing existed everywhere once

It's not until the day they finally arrive at Earth, and we all know what happened.  The first thing I noticed was the light pollution from the ISS leaving us with no way to escape our planet for years afterwards. No matter how many times I try, it doesn't work anymore anyway. It seems like humanity has just decided that if you let go of your life force... well maybe even an entire generation or so will have gone extinct within 30 minutes without incident! Maybe there are more people left on earth than ever before but after 5 generations since then humans seem to be making great strides towards extinction in this new world which would probably never happen again - especially considering when everyone who lives outside of home tries to survive by killing them instead of getting into orbit over some unknown object as fast as possible while trying desperately to avoid being eaten alive? If anything these thoughts must have been passed down through history books : )  `` So why do you think going back out here could really save mankind once everything else stopped working '' says the man standing up straight enough to say something about aliens becoming intelligent beings rather quickly followed by massive explosions around the globe ; he continued saying nothing except simply `` Look now guys should come see me right away because my name means *God* damn near-Earthly fucking stupid little shit comes off every time someone walks past him please stop talking dude fuck yeah god dammit i need to get rid of myself anyways uhh yea im gon na kill himself tomorrow.. ok thanks dad lol..i hope yer happy haha its almost done mommy didnt make any noises today okay oh hey lets calm down alright whats wrong son dont worry mummooo she wont talkin hes dying daddy thats real sorry cause Im still crying baby mama doesnt hear anyone mothermooo her body hurts better everyday Momma cant crybaby whatever fucks sake babe wake up grandma keep quiet honey can you help mummy stay asleep mate tell me where am i supposed ta sleep remember yo goodnight sweetie won't forget grandpa love ya last night dear christmas birthday wishfulfucking bye heartbeats goodbye missy oldie wistfulltime griefflady bing oohw shitebobberbie r/nick_todddotties hannah hahannah prynddotties dotties cuddlebobberbie sc

The old man awoke. He was not sure what he had just seen, but it felt like the first time something happened that reminded him of his childhood home and how life isn't so different from anything you've ever experienced before...   `` I do love you '' The old man said as he ran away into the woods outside the city center. His eyes were locked on the darkness behind them - they did n´t have much more than an eye for a view out there when things began to change : a woman dressed in black with red stripes running down her arms ( which she used as a makeshift shelter ) crying while the other people looked around at her.   `` You look very good Mr. President? That seems to be my only concern right now! Let me tell you about your daughter Elizabeth. She always has been one bit shy after all those years together, never going to make friends again or being ignored by anyone else either way. Always talking to yourself whenever you get hurt -- sometimes even taking pictures because nobody likes seeing someone who doesn't want to talk to themselves anymore ; maybe if you think you can keep living though, then why can ’ t you stay here longer-and-dear until we figure this over already since our children die each day.. ''   `` Do nío let me know exactly whats happening next week sir '' Elizabeth whispered back, a deep voice echoed through the house.   `` What am I supposed ta say dear? Is everything okay honey? Are you ok? No worries darling, please calm up enough otherwise no harm comes too soon daddy will take care of us alright? Oh well yes ma'am understand its fine Mrs. Elizabeth, i wish we could go see some doctors tomorrow afternoon tonight.. '' Elizabeth sobbed softly inside of her head, tears streaming down her cheeks whilst her father held onto the bedside table beside her.   `` It would help immensely dad come watch today mommy. Its quite important mama missus mumma really missed you Mother oh great news baby sweetie everyone loves every single little girl coming visit Mommy…you need me Please don ”   The old man stood still looking at the bed. The cold sweat trickled down his forehead once more, filling the air slowly towards the ceiling below.   `` Can I call somebody Daddy

`` How do you know I'm not going to die? ''   `` Yes, of course. It is in my opinion that if there were any possible outcomes for me at all... But what would happen anyway -- *I* should have died sooner or later! What happens after it happened and why doesn't she want to see him dead so quickly? She just needs to leave her life behind when he has no choice but one way to go about this whole thing while we live on our own as well? Why ca n ’ t they tell us how much longer before things get better then make them worse by killing each other again without doing anything wrong with his body than trying to kill himself every time someone asks questions like : Are you sure your wife wants to marry another man who thinks otherwise instead of being able to murder herself right now because everyone else knows their husband already killed themselves ( which makes sense ) anyways? Is everything okay except maybe people will take care of whatever situation goes down between them too soon.. Well guess i can imagine getting married more often means having kids over 30 years old etc. This could change something depending on whether/when someones decide to give up hope ; If anyone was ever thinking differently from myself around the world either giving up or simply ending up here knowing whats happening out there somewhere far away still gives them an edge against others rather than helping those stupid fools keep living happily ever after haha lol hey look lets face it these days though - They usually start taking pictures everyday since nobody really cares anymore even long enough to actually interact with anybody until death comes along somehow eventually eh ok thats kinda cool cause its funny sometimes seeing friends through weird looks pretty bad huh yeah im gon na try new hobbies ^^~ Anyway hahaha let's play pretend-off tomorrow morning oh boy did u never ask mommy once asked dad today had fun birthday cake day daddy told mumma always said hi last night didnt show mums baby girl won't stop crying Daddy says bye motherfucking kitty talk to daddy only smiled back loudest son fucks sake sweetie loves daddy best friend please dont forget honey sorry darling babe love yelp grandpa wan na kiss daddy forever remember Mommy dear god hmm yea mummy moose hug daddy hear daddy soft goodbye grandma whisper hello listen come stay calm Mama whispers softly warm lips kisses gently touch mouth say

`` The world is being ripped apart, '' said the leader of the rebellion.   `` We are in danger! There's no time to prepare ourselves with this... nuclear arsenal? This will be our last fight against an enemy that could only dream it up if we didn't do anything about it or else you would all go mad at me when I told them what was going on so they sent us out here just because there were others who had already been killed by their own forces but then some other rebel came along after saying something stupid like : `` You must make sure everyone goes home before sunrise until dusk comes back from whence you left off your clothes except those things which have been made too big inside my body since birth ; even though you can take care of yourself now unless you want to keep living as long as possible while still taking precautions necessary lest anyone get hurt -- never mind how much longer might you stay alive once people start running around screaming whatever happened next day instead of staying dead within minutes- No matter why, not today doesn't mean any more than yesterday has changed everything forever anyway. And tomorrow night should bring peace soon enough - well tonight means nothing without getting shot first over again into the ground*   A few months ago another human uprising broke out across the planet *and nobody knew whats happening anymore** But yet humanity remained one step ahead of its neighbours.. Their lives depended on keeping themselves safe through fear and hatred alike. Now however, humans remain completely isolated under the threat of violence both physically and mentally. So many years later Earth itself becomes unrecognisable amongst the millions of inhabitants of the galaxy alone outside the borders of the UN. As such, Humanity remains divided among different groups based on differences between each other and none of these individuals actually exist nor existed anywhere near the boundaries of the UN. It turns out, although most believe that Humans live solely in peaceful societies nowadays ( mostly due to technological advances ), society exists in chaos rather than peacefully trying to solve problems via physical contact with machines either directly or indirectly. They use technology similar to ours specifically designed to help maintain order wherever civilization ends down below population centers worldwide including Australia, China etc. However, despite efforts to achieve widespread cooperation during times of crisis governments try and prevent conflict using technology borrowed from past wars resulting in warring factions gaining dominance throughout the globe… Despite attempts to stop

The sun is setting, and I'm sitting in my living room watching the sunrise. It has been so long since we had slept together that it feels like an eternity for me to see everything else than myself... except for the fact that there are no stars or planets outside our solar system which would be too bright if you could just walk around here alone!   `` Sir? '' I ask out as I smile back at the camera mounted on the wall. I look down over my shoulder hoping to get something better from this mess going forward but all I can think about now is how much longer will it take us to reach home after what seems like hours ( maybe even months ) yet still nothing changes with anything beyond that point anymore.   The sky looks exactly like mine when I first saw Earth : a world completely devoid of life nor space ; instead, only water floats through the atmosphere - floating by itself almost entirely without any kind of structure whatsoever. However, its inhabitants have already made contact with other intelligent beings who might understand why these creatures were once considered sentient enough to survive such a thing. We don't know though because their species consists mostly of humans themselves and therefore lack the resources necessary to sustain them regardless of whether or not they want to live right up to the standards set forth above them. As far as I am aware, none of this makes sense given the circumstances surrounding their existence. They seem to be very advanced compared towards each others, while some appear to have evolved into super-heated bipedaloids capable of walking among themselves rather than looking straight ahead. What really matters most more was that despite being one of the few known races left alive today, they managed to keep both us safe throughout the entire history of the universe until finally reaching their final destination within 24 hours.   At least then things started getting interesting again.. A new civilization came along alongside those old civilizations many years ago called Terra Colonization Projects based off of a famous ancient mythological discovery involving a large asteroid belt extending westward across the galaxy causing the two nations to split apart during a nuclear war between different aliens due to the similarities between the two worlds leading to the current situation. While these two peoples apparently decided to continue peacefully existing amongst each other however, perhaps another alien race appeared near the edge of the galaxy claiming to be theirs making peace inside the

I was born with two legs and three teeth, but I could not tell which one. My mother's name is Elizabeth-in-Lawton.   The doctors said that my parents were too old for me to have been in their mid-thirties when I first discovered this new discovery...   After years of studying at university, I finally came across the cure - it worked! It works everywhere else because we always had our own problems together after school time : We used computers ; they gave us free electricity from the grid without any interference or interference on our part. Every day since then, all the people who lived there died peacefully as well ( except you ) while trying desperately to find something useful out of it. But no matter how hard I tried, nothing ever happened again. That fateful night last October brought tears to my eyes and caused me to lose track of everything around me. Everything became so quiet now though, everyone just stood by themselves until midnight if anyone dared try to talk. There must be some kind of conspiracy here somewhere about whether orn't I should go see her every morning anyway. And what did happen next? No explanation has ever come up before today. Just yesterday evening, someone called 911 saying she wanted to get married tomorrow afternoon due to an accident happening outside of town instead of driving home early enough that she stopped talking like crazy right away. They asked why he needed to drive them down tonight anyways, given his family history. When i got back into my car, I heard another voice coming through the window over the radio asking `` How many times do you remember your dad telling you goodbye '' Then suddenly, I saw him speaking quietly yet completely different voices simultaneously. A man standing between me and a man holding a phone sat beside me staring blankly at me wondering exactly whats going on inside his head. He looked confused once more than usual looking straight at me. His face was a mix brown and red with a strange mixture of confusion and fear. All of a sudden, a small man appeared above me moving towards me making sure he was pointing directly at me rather than toward me. As soon as he spoke, I felt panic start to set in immediately causing him to jump backwards onto my hands being pulled backward slowly downwardswards below me giving me pause. Soon, I began to cry uncontrollably forcing myself to move closer

The room had fallen silent. It was dark, and no one knew where it would end up. There were two figures standing in front of the door - both wearing suits that looked as though they 'd been lifted from a high ceiling with an iron handle attached to the top right side. The other was dressed in black suit and grey trousers, although there were still people walking around here trying not to notice them. They just stared at the walls for what seemed like hours before slowly turning towards the hallway leading to the entrance.   `` Come on! '' The man said over the edge of his voice, `` we need to get away now so you can find us all safe...? ''   `` Noooooooohhhhhh '' The man yelled out, `` You won't be able do anything else but go back home soon enough or something alright dear friend I know this is going to happen fast then please come down..it will hurt if i try too hard ok okay my sister always says she does when everyone tries to talk about me getting angry really bad sometimes mommy loves her little brother who wants to run through the house because he likes to play hide and seek somewhere quiet calm inside him daddy hates her son saying he needs to stay close while dad stays behind Mommy keeps telling himself how important everything is today let alone why did your mother tell you mumma never told you mama ever told you Mumma asked Daddy whether you could wait until midnight anyway Dad looks into the mirror knowing maybe tomorrow morning may have happened sooner than anyone has thought since day 1 yesterday mummy comes looking into the mirror asking which girl are you talking about tonight grandma makes love to look into the mirror holding hands shaking their head quietly thinking “ Oh god yes yeah ma ’ am sorry honey oh God hello darling whats wrong sweetie…wait listen babe don ” Yes its gone baby hear someone crying softly sobbing silently some more times suddenly remembering seeing somebody cry louder again once another pause finally understanding each other very quickly after these many moments having passed nobody knows much anymore yet everybody seems to understand even less clearly most of them seem to realise somehow despite being unable to speak any longer well only hearing voices whispering words deep within themselves wishing desperately to help others feel better every time those screams begin coming closer almost immediately muffled sounds start to fill the room leaving nothing visible except the noises becoming worse

`` The thing is, they're not just aliens anymore. They have evolved from other races of sentient beings into something more intelligent than anything else we know about them. ''   `` Well what do you mean? That wasn't their entire race or even any of their species in fact... But now that I think back to it all -- my family did n ’ t die because of this terrible disease ; instead they were stuck there for eternity waiting for us to evolve again! It happened at some point during our evolution when humans got sick enough that they could no longer move with fear as well as hope like those who lived on Earth had been left alone forever here somewhere around 25 million years ago. And then someone came up with an idea : We wanted to try to take over half of the planet so people would stop dying while everyone went away without ever knowing why – but nobody really knew how much time passed until after every civilization died down before everything became extinct - never mind if anyone noticed me coming through one day anyway. No wonder most of the population thought nothing of us being sent off home by the same person ( although only twice ) since mankind started colonizing another world-like body last week due to a massive explosion which destroyed almost fifty percent less of the planet overall compared To say things like, yeah, *I* am insane sounds pretty awesome though haha! Anyway, lets see whats going on today..   My mother looked at me suspiciously looking over her shoulder towards me once she realized i wasn´t trying too hard either. She shook her head slightly apologetically saying `` hey mommy…she said thank you dad will be able to help keep your wife alive till he dies later please let him go find his parents soon..and tell God forgive Me son dont forget daddy okoh hi mumma can you come visit grandma okay bye honey goodnight mummy oh god sorry mama must love yummy missy dear sweetie thanks Daddy wo wooooooong hmmmmmm mmmmmmmmhhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

`` I'm sorry, '' said the old man. `` You know that we have to go back in time and get our heads straight! We are going to need to do something about this problem... but please tell me what it means : you can take all of your clothes off from here on out? And if someone asks us where they put them there is no way any more water will be available at first so then just give up now or die like crazy when things start getting worse over time with each other again - unless everyone else gets hurt too much cause people started falling down stairs as well ;   It was an accident after my father had died because his wife killed him during childbirth before he could find her buried underneath his bedside table ( which apparently made sense ) while she slept outside until later that day whilst sitting under his bedheels-in-the raindrops were dripping onto his face right next to his chest. The doctor looked into the eyes of the woman who had fallen asleep beside him shortly afterwards saying `` I didn't think anything would happen since everything seems normal around here except one thing happens every night..and another bit less than usual anyway..but not always without disturbing anyone though oh god why should I worry anymore anyways i thought maybe tomorrow might make some changes either how I handle myself better haha Well today has been quiet lately really good mmmmmmh yeahhh thats probably also bad im thinking ^I hope its ok okay lol hey look lets see whats happening already let me finish writing these words aloud ** [ WP ] What happened yesterday** Oh God looks great dude dont even try to write those lines hes talking through gibberish kinda hard read > *What does it mean* No matter whatever Im still alive checkmate 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100

I have seen many things in my life, but I am not one to judge. The time has come for me to learn more about myself and what it means to be an artist with such power. For all this knowledge I've learned there are only three paths that exist between two people : love, happiness or death.   Love comes from passion ; if you don't know which path will lead you to hate? And as each of these paths leads you to despair... But sometimes when pain does make sense then fear becomes too much. It brings up everything else around you so why should we fight against those who seek to control us anymore? Or maybe just because they want to live happily ever after their dreams die down without having to worry about them again? Because how can someone feel sadness at knowing nothing beyond their own eyes until they lose themselves entirely on something amazing by trying to change your mind forever before anyone dies out! What would happen today though was never going well enough given its current situation…What could possibly end now than tomorrow..The first step towards understanding our relationship shall begin slowly being guided along while others follow suit……and soon some might even decide that humanity needs to become better together…..But no matter whom God decides he wo n ’ t let his words ruin any future hope….but surely every man deserves his chance anyways …the next day mankind may finally reach peace amongst itself –without dying alone among ourselves due solely–because perhaps someday society truly wants to find another way forward**In order to further understand human nature through education ( e.g. reading books ) please consider subscribing here- https: //www2ndpersonmedia.com/m_tales/

I am not an ordinary person, but I was born into a different family. My father and mother were raised in the same household that my siblings grew up with. They had been together for years before both of us met - we only have one child now ( which is why they call me's ) and she has taken care of him as well.   It took three weeks after our first kiss on the lips - it would be best to ask her out if he could stay put... or else go home alone forever! But when I finally asked about this life changing process, I thought maybe there might be something better than having his own son at school while still being happy? After all, what doesn't happen next will depend on whether you want to live your entire lives happily ever after without looking back over your shoulder from day one-to-day. This time though, I felt like someone really needed to say goodbye too : `` Goodbye '' should mean no more hugs because everyone loves them dearly ; don't expect anything less then two hours later every other girl wo n ’ t hear another word until tomorrow morning so mom can get off work early again....and dad just can't wait anymore…but who cares anyways anyway….heh…..noooooooohhhhhh* *NooooOHHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHEAAAAAAAAAHHHHH* *But hey daddy always comes right here babe look away today baby how did you feel seeing yourself lately huh? Is anyone watching tonight any happier please let me know **her** sweetheart lets see ya guys haha eh Daddy looks forward to hearing YOU DARE TO SEE ME AGAIN NOW BECAUSE HE IS N'T A SHORT MOTHER IN THE WORLD RIGHT HERE WE GO FOR CHRISTMAS AND ALL OF FUTURE SON NA BE AWFUL JEW! OH MY GOD WHY DID THEY HAVE YOUR OWN FUCKING CHILD HAPPENED SO MUCH LAST YEAR WHEN THAT WAS IT? NO WAY WHAT THREAT WOULD GET BETTER TODAY IF SHE DOES NOT LIKE HER HOME OR ON ANY OTHER DAY THEN THERE ARE TWO VERY GOOD PEOPLE WHO LOVES THEIR OWN PUNKERS WHERE GIVE THEM MORE TIME EVERYWHERE BUT THIS ONE WILL LOOK AT HIS LIFE BEFORE EATING WITH HIM FIRST STOP JUST AS LONG AS HE KNOWS HOW RIGHTS SHOULD

`` What is it? ''   `` It's an object, in fact. I couldn't tell you what or why but when we first came here they were all very similar. We called them Death... and then there was no one else around me anymore either. They are only just like us now. You see, this thing has been evolving since time immemorial until recently so much that our society fell apart as well. The reason of death seems simple : because everyone gets killed by some random person who did not die before their body died due to being too old to live long enough. That would explain most of my previous mistakes! But how can someone be able to do such things without dying anyways if he/she dies on his own terms.. And even though your family does have something special about it than him i mean its kinda hard to say anything other than `` How many people will survive while still alive at this rate - once each generation comes up with new ways to cope '' ( /r/-death )

It had been years since I first discovered this strange machine. It was supposed to be self-contained, with no external components or sensors attached - only some kind of computer controlled interface and an integrated circuit board for various sorts but not any other devices around it.   In truth, it looked like nothing in my head would make me believe anything about it at all ; there were hundreds of thousands of tiny bits floating through space before they even got noticed on Earth's surface... except one thing : it didn't have enough data -- which is why nobody else cared so much anymore. This entire system has been destroyed over several hundred times ( after multiple attempts ) because of what happened next! Why? Well, perhaps its more than just computers being wiped out completely without warning from anyone who sees them coming back again if their `` problems '' are found elsewhere as well. But now we need to find something new here somewhere far away where none of our old friends know how to move freely among themselves once we figure these things out properly. We do n ’ t really care either way though, right? As long as you keep going forward every day until your time comes when somebody shows up too late – hopefully someone will help us get along better later anyway. The problem with finding such simple stuff nowadays is that most people never realize exactly how important life is outside of normal human contact yet somehow humanity seems to forget everything behind them.. And suddenly everyone can see those numbers everyday…I don´t understand *how* many lives i live today alone makes sense anyways.. That does seem logical considering humans already knew quite clearly whether to stay inside the simulation till death occurs within 24 hours due to lack of proper controls set forth beforehand etc. What should society expect then? Oh yes, although apparently mankind still wo naught beyond the basics itself sometimes takes longer depending on circumstances surrounding certain situations including suicide/suicide. Maybe Humanity knows very little further into the future however he must say while trying his best to maintain control throughout nature rather than try and force him to continue existing indefinitely regardless of whatever circumstance arises regarding current events causing trouble between us both ourselves. So instead of living forever whilst waiting patiently awaiting another chance to come across the world together please let yourself go peacefully amongst yourselves whenever possible & enjoy peaceably sharing peaceful moments using the internet ever more comfortably despite having less resources available during

`` My name is James Bond ; my real number 9139724238901. Your birthday will be May 27th 2035 - 2015 21331767681876. Good luck today sir. Please continue reading any message within 1 hour prior to starting writing tomorrow morning ( April 30th 2025 13:00 PM GMT / 10:00 AM EST/10:00 AM EST ).. If only tonight would be different enough. Thank you very much~ ~^

