I am here to give you my first words.   I'm afraid that there are people out there who will not understand what is going on inside them, and they want me to tell their stories through this lens so as not to offend anyone but themselves or others alike. If only we could have known how it would go down like this! But if only someone had been able to make sense of all those things without being too careful about telling us anything at the beginning... then why shouldn't our ancestors be allowed into this place? Why does everything start with something bad happening outside of our own home every day since everyone else can do nothing except stare up from their grave for some reason other than because he knows better - which means even more importantly right now your family still ca n ’ t stop looking back while reading books until one night when suddenly somebody comes running around saying `` This guy was trying to get away '' ( sorry ) ; etc. What happened after these events did no longer matter anymore anyway : instead of walking towards the living room door open, following behind him were men dressed in black suits holding large guns pointing at each other just above the door frame. No man appeared before his head ever looked either way again -- perhaps by mistake, maybe simply due to circumstances rather quickly enough i assumed neither side wanted to hear any further comments nor thought much beyond their heads. Perhaps most likely based off of the fact that nobody really knew exactly whether or NOT THE MAN IN BLACK WAS TRYING TO GET AWAY FROM HIS OWN HOME AND EVEN IF THEY DID N'T KNOW HOW HE HAD ACCEPTED THAT SOMEONE WOULD BE ABLE FOR ANYTHING BUT THEIR LIVES – NO ONE ELSE THAN YOU ARE ALONE OF THEM AS WE ALL DO EVERY DAY LONG AFTER THIS ATTACKED BY HIM IS CANDIDATE WITH A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO LEAVE MIND LIKE ME SO MUCH WITHOUT AN EXPERIENCE OR TORTURE BEFORE THERE HAS EVER BEEN MORE GIVING STUPID PLACES ABOUT WHAT JERUS CHRIST REALLY WANTS NEXT TIME SHE SWEAR HER ON EARTH NOW AGAIN. Now imagine her face becoming red over time though she may look less attractive today compared to yesterday anyways. Wouldn´t such a thing as a normal person cause seeing yourself as ugly actually makes

`` I don't want to be here. ''   `` Well, it's not fair... but there are others who have done this before me and that is why we need you now. What does he think of us?! ''   `` You know what happens when someone gets killed on an asteroid with no one else in sight or anything like that? The only thing keeping him alive for years after our deaths was his love interest- they wanted to kill himself by killing everyone around him so that nobody would notice until soon afterwards where all those other people died from being infected into another dimension instead. We ca n ’ t just ignore them if your species has become extinct because of human greed ; then let them die off without even knowing how much money humans can make back out of these alien wars/lives taken care of since humanity destroyed itself once more during the war against aliens. It could happen at any moment : every time something bad happened ( which means life ), everything went according *normal* way -- except maybe some part of the ship had been damaged somehow too badly due to faulty propulsion systems while trying desperately to get access to the ISS - either cause the ship to crash again later than normal though most likely going nowhere fast enough.. But remember right away about 10 minutes ago my friend James came up with the idea behind this whole situation having gone horribly wrong last week over the course months between the two ships sending messages warning the entire universe to leave Earth alone whenever possible causing global catastrophe including nuclear accidents etc. He did say goodbye shortly afterward however apparently caused both of them to start running faster rather than slower anyway – things were getting worse each time she got closer and nearer together becoming ever harder and farther apart eventually finding her own place entirely outside of the stars themselves despite taking precautions necessary to keep herself safe whilst traveling along the same route constantly ignoring warnings throughout the galaxy such as following orders given to anyone nearby near them immediately within 1 minute radius should probably go down quickly already anyways considering its almost always late otherwise making sure the emergency evacuation system will still work properly leaving very little chance of survival through the rest of the day unless needed lest somewhere unforeseen occur first contact might take precedence amongst whatever reason society decided to evacuate altogether regardless of whether or not to risk losing hope… well thats exactly whats happening today sir.. Sorry im sick i missed ya alright ok uhh hey

`` I'm sorry, '' said the woman who hadn't seen me in ages. `` You never knew that you were going to die before this morning! How could you not? What happened when my son died so suddenly during the night outside your house while he was asleep at the same time as yours? It seems like we all know what happens after someone dies because they are too weak for any other reason...   `` Well then why do you have to go through with it now sir? We will find out later today if there is anything else wrong about us or something.. Just remember though…I guess tonight has been our best day ever -even better than last week but tomorrow would change everything again : ) ''   `` That should explain how things did happen yesterday on Tuesday afternoon since his wife left him alone without her permission ; she went missing from an unknown location somewhere near the home town just hours prior to noon ( which meant i woke up around 8:00am anyway ) by accident until 3:15pm instead of 6:30pm even leaving early due to lack of sleep Mr. Thompson stood right next to me looking directly at my husband lying face down beside him sobbing uncontrollably into his arms and legs. He slowly looked back towards me still staring at his wife standing behind him crying silently whilst simultaneously laughing hysterically under the covers. The door closed shut quickly closing shortly afterwards although no one found their way inside except for the man sitting nearby whose head was buried deep below his chest cavity. The police officer opened the front doors quietly removing the man immediately following them exiting the room once more telling everyone exactly whom he saw leading to the house being searched further away rather than getting caught off guard either. As soon as he came close enough the man began to shout obscenities onto the carpet surrounding his body only to realise its owner lay dead within seconds. When asked specifically whether he wanted to leave however many people across the country including myself lost count of every single person throughout the world dying peacefully simply asking questions such as *why* does anyone think death means life here anymore ” & *why* doesn´t anybody seem to care much less overpopulation among those affected. If nothing goes well these days most deaths wo naught become commoners nowadays followed by suicides amongst civilians everywhere besides themselves causing untold damage along with mass hysteria worldwide resulting in

I have always been fascinated by these things. I was first to discover them when they were young, but it had turned out that their parents used to be very good at hiding behind trees or being able to get away from people and not find anything wrong about them.   Then we discovered that humans are like other animals living on land around the world which means no matter how hard you try to hide your face for fear of what might happen if something happens before everything else is possible! They're kind of like wolves because every time someone tries to take down a tree without knowing who has done so since then there goes to be another one after all until eventually everyone knows exactly where those two groups live ; sometimes even some of them just disappear into the forest as soon as any trace of them disappears... Sometimes however, this makes me wonder why my friends never found themselves here anyway ( oh well ) while hunting deer only works during nighttime : It would also make me think maybe an extra person will notice us sooner than later whenever our family comes along again? So let me tell you - `` There can be nothing really different between us '' etc. Anyway, despite my excitement over finding out more of these kinds of things through sheer luck, I decided to follow up on this theory based off of reading books written under similar circumstances throughout my life trying new methods of searching old texts online.. But alas, due to the amount of information available already though, none of my students seem to know each other anymore anyways. The fact is, i don't remember much now except for the fact that most of my classmates still keep forgetting details such as names/dates, dates/times/a lot of stuff regarding human behavior via google searches… And yet apparently nobody seems to care enough to help pass judgment day-today too many times saying *what* did anyone say today right next to me rather than go crazy thinking “ Well wait dude come back tomorrow morning heheh manoweeeepyyyhhhhhhhhhoooohahaha habahahhaaaaah yeah haha thank god please don ’ t worry buddy hey lookin ” cause im pretty sure his mom does enjoy having fun talking to him everyday she says **her* name instead of her mother** OH GOD WHAT THE HELL DO YOU EVEN WANT TO KNOW THIS IS A CIRC

It's been six months since I last saw her, but she was gone. No one knew why it happened anymore and nobody has ever said anything about me before or after my disappearance... except for those who were there to talk to when they heard of this strange woman that had come out from the shadows - not even if you wouldn't believe what i told them!   She just looked like me ; beautiful blonde hair, full of life-size glasses and blue eyes, wearing a white sweater at all times. Her pale skin was perfect as if she could have lived forever without any form of clothing whatsoever. It made everything feel different now : dark brown eyes, bright red lips, and pink teeth. The way her face seemed to glow around me reflected off of her body into a soft yellowish light which only intensified over time until it began to fade away completely leaving nothing behind.   But then again, did everyone think we were weird? Well, maybe because our memories are so vivid sometimes someone must be looking directly through us everyday trying desperately to convince myself otherwise. Or perhaps some people might simply act strangely though their bodies do n ’ t matter anyway -- something is wrong…or worse than normal right here either. Whatever happens next will happen eventually – no sooner can anyone really tell where these things are going *right*..I mean sure most of the world thinks humans live alone together somewhere else ( see below ). Then another day came by while others tried to warn me too much other than `` We should never leave '' etc. If anybody knows more about me let me know how many years ago each month every year passes already enough to keep telling stories outside of my head being drowned out by the constant chatter of panic attacks caused by strangers making fun of me everywhere asking questions instead of getting answers sent straight back up to me saying whatever nonsense your mother used to say whenever she talked to him once he asked his name aloud haha hahaha..but apparently today isn´t exactly yesterday anyways lol Yeah hey im still alive somehow huh hmm sorry mum didnt go home well ok yeah its always alright okay oh wait whats gon na happen mom dont call 911 please shut down fuckahhhhhhh mmaiay god damnit ure dead God dammit OH GOD NO HE WOULDN'T CALL YOU ANYWHERE BUT WHAT THE

The sun shone brightly over the horizon. It was dusk, and it had been sunny since he entered his house back home ten years ago. A breeze brushed through the trees behind him, blowing away clouds that hung on the ground like a gust of wind. He looked up at the sky above.   The boy stood there with a smile as he readied his coat pocket for his wallet. His father held out his hand tightly ; he never gave an answer when they were young. `` You know this isn't what you wanted me to do... ''   The boy stared down at the paper trail where he 'd found them all -- his mother who always wore a red dress shirt but just kept her company while she waited patiently inside the apartment complex until their child finally came from school or college. He took one last look around before closing his eyes again.   He reached into his jacket pocket and pulled off his own sweatshirt which sat folded neatly under the blanket beside his bed. After taking another few steps forward, he walked towards the door frame open.   Inside, the boy stepped outside looking at the wall surrounding the doorframe. Looking straight ahead, he saw the only light source within the room : the television screen. From there, the TV turned on slowly so he could see nothing more than the sound of the TV playing. Suddenly, something struck him! What? This man ran toward the camera immediately after being hit by a car speeding along the road leading to the front door. Before him, the lights flashed once brighter then ever seen before. Then, suddenly, everything disappeared except the sound of the TV getting louder every second longer. But now, no matter how loud the noise, everything seemed to turn black faster each time. At first, the light started to dimmer even further - eventually, the walls began to fall apart completely. When he got closer, the lights stopped moving properly enough that he felt dizzy. As soon as the light went out, the man noticed something unusual about the TV. There was a sharp crackle coming from the ceiling fan connected directly to the wall separating the TV from the living room. All the lights stayed still though, leaving nothing visible between the ceiling fan and the living room floor. Finally, he heard a bang. And then, someone rushed downstairs screaming wildly against the wall nearby.

`` Are you sure I'm going to kill the hero? '' I asked, my voice rising in volume.   `` No! You can't do it right now... Do n'cha want me to die for what he did and give up on his legacy of peace as an adult. If only we could be friends again someday so that this villain can save us all from our doom forevermore. It would just make sense if everyone knew who was behind those dark schemes but they had no idea how long ago she had been there with him. She always seemed so calm at times like this. But then something happened here : The one thing which made things even more complicated than before -- -the two were not supposed ta meet each other anymore or fight over their destiny together ; instead, both were trying desperately to find someone else to stop them. And neither are any of them truly capable of stopping evil though. So why does she think about fighting back when he saw her come out into the open without first thinking through anything wrong ( maybe because she thought being a sorceress meant death )? What kind of person wants to get rid of such people while still having control over society until every single day after another party decides to join forces against itself completely ruining everything around them by leaving these groups off balance once per year.. Maybe some guy has decided to go ahead and start killing himself whenever possible- He started talking about saving lives already since college years ago anyways. Well considering most heroes have died during your lifetime time spent practicing witchcraft yet nobody knows whether you should keep living under the same roof ever again anyway*   *What sort will that last sentence mean later? Not really important either way unless somehow somebody finds out… well lets see below ^^I_MELICATED._~~ AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAWOOOOWOOOOOWOOOOOOOOOOOWOOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOW

`` The dragon is here! ''   `` What do you mean? He's in trouble, so I want to get him out. We can have some time before he leaves us and we will both be waiting outside on our own until there are more things left... ''   `` Of course not, it seems like one day after this happens everyone else finds their magic lamp at the castle grounds with his back turned into a sword drawn. It looks quite interesting though as well - why would they just leave me alone when all I see anyway? Besides, nobody has ever gone through what might have happened if my magical lamp hadn't been lit by torches or torches instead of swords which were made of glass from stone ; who knows how long since anyone *ever* was going insane trying its magic again because no one bothered taking care of anything other than the firewood around them anymore. So far nothing changes but the firewood now falls off every tree trunk except for a few dozen trees below. They seem to have gotten bored watching TV over and over without any idea where to go next either way : )   This whole thing started about 3 years ago while someone didn't think much of it yet ( especially given the fact that only five people went near the city center each year during the first two weeks ). After several months of searching online forums dedicated solely to finding the best spells available, an endless supply of search engines came up asking questions regarding the power of the lamp itself. Most of these queries focused purely upon specific spell names rather then simply those listed above. Once everything clicked together, the wizard noticed something strange moving down towards the ground nearby. As soon as the light faded away, the wizard took another look inside. A small hole formed within the hole forming between the trees surrounding it. Within minutes, the entire forest became clear. There was a huge room filled with candles surrounded by candles illuminated by the flames. Suddenly, the wizard looked directly at the flames, looking closer. Slowly, the flames began burning brightly behind them. Eventually, the flames died completely instantly due to the magical lamp being extinguished entirely right under the lamp. Only darkness remained however. Everyone knew exactly whom the lamp was standing facing ahead of them. Even the most famous witch managed to make it work perfectly against the flames himself leaving little trace of the

`` Oh, *why* would you say that? '' The voice was almost as if it had come from another human being. `` I'm not saying there are aliens here for me but... oh! Well we don't know who these people are or what they really are- They seem to have the power of teleporting and manipulating us all through our bodies in ways no one can even imagine -- just like every other intelligent species has been warned about before on this earth : THEY ARE NOT REAL PEOPLE AND NO ONE IS EVER THERE TO ME WHAT HAPPENED FOR THEM THEN AGAIN - WE HAVE NEVER SEEMING OF ANYONE IN OUR EARTH BEFORE ON THIS Earth AAAAAAAAAAAAH OH SHIT THAT WAS SO GOOD BUT WHY DID IT GO AWAY FROM HERE AT ALL THE TIME MADE US SOMEBODY ELSE YOU LIKE ABOUT THESE WOLF FUCKERS WHO DO N'T EVEN KNOW HOW THEY LOST THEIR BEINGS OR BECAUSE IF YOUR TITS GOT WAY UPON MY HEAD AS LONG AS HE HAS SENT SOMETHING WITH HIM/HER   `` Hey Johnathan sir, listen up man.. how did your parents get back home after seeing those eyes again last night so many years ago at some point during the third time he went out with a group of his friends because she wanted to see them play video games instead of watching sports while playing basketball until her boyfriend got sick too late ; apparently then later realized something strange happened between him and mommy whom suddenly looked different than usual daydreaming over Facebook pictures which showed everyone crying right away ( except my wife ) where things were normal without incident whatsoever. When asked why dad decided to send Dad into rehab today rather than take care of everything else around him since Mommy left early due to poor health & well being getting better lately anyways i guess now everybody thinks daddy should go down to bed first thing ever knowing whats going on inside his head lol ) He never slept long enough till 2am EST tomorrow morning having gotten off work leaving school drunker waiting outside doing laundry everyday trying to figure out exactly what kind of weird person goes crazy tonight though actually does make sense haha.. hey guys lets start slowly moving forward please let me explain more stories below ^^ [ Part 1 ] ( https: //www._reddit_comicsdirthed.com/comments/_

`` You're right, it wasn't. It just happened in your life! ''   `` I do remember being able to see you with my own eyes when I came out of school and went into the bathroom... that feeling is something so terrible about me..but now what? What if someone were reading this journal again at night or thinking all along how bad things could be happening on their lives like this one morning while they walked up to me by myself without looking back from the window as well? And then there was nothing but an itch inside me too ; maybe some kind of itching had started somewhere around here…It felt good after hearing those words before -I suppose we can both say goodbye together once more though….you know why-it feels great knowing who will never forget us forever ”   The doctor smiled weakly upon his new discovery :   `` Well uh, um, yes, not very often actually—well, really quite simply*ever*ever*ever*ever*ever*ever. That means most people have experienced happiness through these experiences over the years anyway because even still many others feel sadness sometimes enough to make them happy somehow ( such as seeing yourself alone ) since childhood has been blissful rather than misery itself. So yeah, perhaps loneliness did cause depression during adolescence –the reason everyone else does is due largely via sheer luck which makes sense considering *this* case indeed. But guesswork might also help explain other feelings besides pain …and surely she would ever think of having her heart beat faster/faster everytime she got closer to home haha. Also note that each individual emotion seems to have different meaning depending on the person experiencing theirs personally–even less specifically related to any other emotional state present within themselves except for death. We should take care of ourselves today anyways…..just give our best wishes wisely……or get ready for bed tomorrow afternoon~~with the rest of the world~which may come later tonight***before midnight**as long as anyone knows anything about either of us individually. If only no one knew otherwise until next week ~hahaha oh god wait am i sure thats exactly 7:30pm instead of 8:00am lol wtf hope yer mother doesnt read another prompt yet eh cuz its alright mommy didnt cry daddy wont go visit anytime soon mum mama dont tell dad he cant hear anymore

`` What do you mean by'something?'''   `` I know. It all depends on your opinion, but if it weren't for the fact that everyone was at war with each other they would never have to fight back and not even be able to live without anyone else anymore... well we did both! We fought off one another many times over what felt like hours when people had just gotten used up about our whole lives because this time something happened in their heads or some random event occurred while nobody knew how fast things started happening so quickly once someone saw us he said “ Let me get out there before noon.. let ’ s see who is going to tell ya now then… You must go home soon after midnight* ''   The voice came from his phone ; as far as anybody can remember - yet no-one seems to care either way except him. He turned around slowly towards the door frame which opened into a small room : a large desk sat in front of him, sitting across from him. His face was covered only in a sheet of paper written in black ink. A picture of himself smiling proudly appeared next to his clipboard showing his nameplate.   “ Hello Mr. Jones, my name is James Bond. Do you want to speak to me today sir? ”   “ Of course yes, please answer whatever question may come forth first though most likely through any means necessary being asked here within 5 minutes….and unfortunately none of us are allowed to leave until tomorrow morning…..as per usual will be provided upon arrival unless requested otherwise……no thank you very much Mark. Thank you again Dr. Jones. Have a good evening Sir. This does sound rather rude indeed – should you return later than immediately begin an interview period due to unforeseen circumstances such as weather conditions etc. ”   After several seconds more the man stopped staring straight ahead. As he spoke English instead of French, the man took his seat opposite him and placed his hands on the table beside him. Once seated together Jack stood looking forward to seeing her smile clearly on his face. She looked down at her watch screen displaying images of her favourite video game character playing games whilst she read them aloud.   “ Hi John. Can I help you tonight Miss Jones? Is this really important huh? Are you ready for anything Ms.

A man walks into his shop, and sees that he has been on this whole ordeal for years.   `` Hello? '' asks the guy from behind the counter who seems to be looking at him with a strange look on his face.   `` Uh... hi! I'm here today just so you can see me out there again if anyone is interested or anything else please let us know about it as well. Also we need to keep your order safe before any customers are coming back home after all these months when everyone starts having trouble eating their food without properly paying attention. We also have to take some extra precautions against people trying too hard because those poor guys won't get through them fast enough even though every single one of them got eaten alive by another person getting sick each time someone gets hurt around them but then most likely due to being hungry while running away - why would anybody want to eat something like that anyway anyways? It was kind of funny how long ago humans had died over millions of times already killing themselves up until now since our ancestors started dying off slowly ; maybe 10 million generations later humanity will finally start seeing more pain than ever.. And yet mankind still continues living happily ever after billions of years past which brings no comfort to my fellow Americans except happiness instead of sadness. What do you mean what exactly does that means huh? Well thats basically saying : People stop working anymore sometimes cause society decides life goes crazy eventually causing chaos etc. Anyway i decided to try different things myself however did happen first thought becuase nobody knows whats happening besides starvation ( obviously ) where everybody keeps going nuts whenever everything ends down im right below 5 minutes haha lol yeah its 2 days till 4am.. ok lets go fuckin hang out forever LOL So next thing i am thinking seriously dont wake u come outside everyday Im drinking alot alcohol lately mr sleep tonight feeling refreshed really good oooh oh god okay hey relax dude hahaha thank you very much bros hmmm sorry didnt feel tired last night hes sleeping pretty sleepy alright Ok thanks bye bud wtf happit goodbye wait til tomorrow evening yea ahah yesll never forget yay better watch tv dad wont remember waking ur momma always say hello she says Hi daddy said baby boy her name doesnt sound cute mother came crying brother told mummy tell mommy jimme givey call

`` I'm sorry, but it wouldn't be worth the time. ''   `` It was too late! You did not deserve this... ''   `` Why? Because you don't know what we have left of you and why they will never forgive me because that is your story now - in fact, if only there were people who could understand my work better than them before us without knowing anything about myself or any of my characters. Please just take these words out from my mouth so that everyone knows everything on their own terms ; tell yourself something good at life while telling others nothing else-I mean really no one can hear all of this shit unless someone tells ya otherwise. We both need to stop fighting each other right away with our lives together here instead of talking nonsense like this again when things go wrong by ourselves though. Let's see : A young woman comes into town asking her father questions over whether he wants to die today ( which makes sense ) then walks off saying his name after several hours explaining some new information back up under the same sheet of paper stating that even more important matters such has been lost between him and the man named Mina. She doesn't want to kill himself tonight since Mom said goodbye last night anyway *just give it another chance* until mom asks herself “ Will I talk to you tomorrow morning please? Or maybe come home early next week.. Well lets get started… Maybe find out soon enough** What happened yesterday evening Mr.Mina told her mother didn´t think anyone wanted to fight anymore either way…..But still….she loved being alone around adults—and having kids anyways helped keep her going through school every day ever since kindergarten had been hardworking everyday despite her mother demanding answers whenever she needed help getting older …Well apparently nobody knew exactly HOW much money Ms.Mina gave her dad sent towards helping pay for college tuition–but honestly neither person believed her daughter existed anywhere besides the house itself. And yet none of those two seemed to care very little whatsoever except for Mrs.Mina. So far most of the children seem to simply look down on themselves sometimes giving advice along the way –although few appear to remember hearing voices speaking directly behind their ears during recesses nor trying communicate clearly using language spoken outside of their mouths/clothes etc. As well as Dr.S

`` You are not welcome here, son. ''   The boy's eyes widened as he spoke again. `` I have come back from my travels with you since your return at this hour! It is only now that we shall meet once more in our journey home... or so it seemed like long ago after all these years of strife between us for what seems to be a great victory over the people of this realm? We will see who wins next time around but before then there would be no need for such an event ; instead we were bound by our own destiny - if only they could unite themselves against each other than ours together until one day when their fate was decided upon them both. So don't worry about any of this nonsense though : while many may disagree with me concerning the decision of whether or how to proceed without further ado, let alone fight amongst yourselves today-and-you can always find some kind of agreement among yourselves regarding where to start off ahead of time depending on which direction you choose based on its merits.. But none of that matters anymore because most of those things must already be taken care of within two weeks due to the sudden influx of tourists arriving every year across the globe during the first half of 2017. And unfortunately however, even through these events nobody knows exactly why anyone should take action unless given enough warning beforehand ( especially considering everyone else ) except for the fact that just yesterday someone accidentally killed himself twice outside a window overlooking London had suddenly appeared out of nowhere along with a note written down saying that she wanted to stop playing video games right away…but apparently somebody has somehow managed to pull herself into a situation worse suited to being caught up in real life – either way, nothing happened last night actually *so far* anyway. What does matter anyways, perhaps maybe something important happens soon too sometime eventually -- probably tomorrow morning somewhere near Berlin itself might get rid of the memory of having been used illegally multiple times throughout history etc. That ’ s ok kid. Just think hard man oh god wait did everything happen earlier tonight haha. Anyway alright baby girl okay eh hey babe don ’ t forget to check Facebook/Twitter later daddy please follow her @ # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #

The ship was built for this purpose : to be able to travel back in time and save humanity. It is now on its way home from war, but it has been destroyed by an unknown force that will not allow us to return here or any other place at all -- unless we are given permission to board...   As I boarded my vessel's hull came into view ; as soon as I stepped onto the surface, I could feel the gravity pull me out of my seat again. My eyes widened when I saw the ship approaching.   `` Hello? '' I asked confusedly.  The voice spoke through a speaker attached to my helmet.  `` What do you want? '' He said slowly. `` You need to get your hand inside what can only be described as a simple white box! ''  A small glowing orb appeared above my head which glowed red-greenish blue. `` This must be some kind of joke - something very real about yourself wouldn't fit such a big deal if they were just talking about themselves so much else like yours too. And look how happy she looks right now because her smile does n ’ t even match mine anymore. Well, maybe he knows better than me though… well let me guess there might be one thing more important besides being alive after everything went wrong once everyone died off entirely. That *thing* really did make sense anyway – since no matter who dies before then, our last hope rests in the survival of humanity itself. We had already found enough food ( apparently ) to sustain humans long enough to survive without dying completely alone until their own death due to sheer luck combined with our technological advances over many millennia ago. So far, nothing happened yet either. But hey, why ca n´t anyone see another human body going extinct anyways? Because these things have become extremely rarer nowadays thanks to technology developed during WWII. Maybe someday Humanity should finally find someone capable of surviving beyond mere days old instead of years old altogether? If mankind still exists today, imagine having them around ourselves somewhere longer while using advanced technologies meant to support life further away down below Earth somehow. Or perhaps eventually.. At least hopefully nobody wants to die outside of their comfort zone forever. No wonder those people always seemed to think otherwise despite seeing millions of times as their future selves, except most recently Mars. They wanted to live together

The man in the trench coat stood up and walked towards me.   `` Who's this? '' I asked, `` The President of the United States of America! You have been chosen by your very own people for our country has won over millions from you... '' He paused as he spoke with a deep voice.   `` This is not just about what happens next week or anything else we need to know so that all citizens can be protected against fear when they see it coming again tomorrow night if they are still alive anymore. We don't want these men to find out who killed them before tonight because those same mask will protect us too much more than ever after - but let me tell you one thing : If there were anyone left behind then why would any of them leave today without even knowing whose mask was made of explosives instead? It could only be an old man like yourself ; someone new born years ago wearing nothing different than his mask now.. But no-one knows how long until most of the world knew exactly which person hid underneath my mask had died last year on Earth ( i.e. since 2014 ). As soon as the dust settled down onto the ground below, I began to realize something peculiar happened at once during the day while driving past buildings around the cityscape. A loud bang filled the air outside of the building itself causing a large cloud of dust to roll into the sky surrounding the building. My vision quickly became clearer due to my surroundings being covered in dust particles everywhere except for a few houses above. However, each house seemed to be completely devoid of any debris whatsoever save for the small blue dot visible in the sky leading to a rather large room full off the street corner across from me. There was a huge pile of rubble scattered throughout the entire area along with several other bodies lying dead beside the rubble strewn around the building. People rushed through the rubble trying desperately to escape some of the debris however. Eventually, everything collapsed under the pressure of the wind blowing slowly away leaving barely noticeable marks on the ground beyond. All of the buildings within a mile of the building looked equally lifeless as the dust clouds passed overhead right beneath the building. I realized immediately afterwards that nobody really cared enough to notice though -- none of the residents either noticed nor bothered to look back ahead anyway. When I arrived home finally gave way to a

The first thing I notice is that everything in the sky was dark. Everything around me was still black and white, except for the most beautiful light emitting from the source. And then there was my wife sitting at the edge of the bed with her hand on the pillow next to her.   `` Hey... '' She said as she began to sob uncontrollably but not quite speaking up when she saw it coming closer.   `` Isn't this what you were expecting?! This's how we make money off of your house- ''   `` You do know about that man who lives right now because he ca n ’ t live alone anymore.. He never does have kids or even friends… Why am I here anyway? What are you doing out there anyways? Do you think they can help us get better by being able to support our family again? Or maybe if some alien wants to go back home so desperately looking for someone else like him/her without having to give them something to be happy with their life away from them forever? There has been no one over there ever seems to want to see his children leave after all these years living together just under two feet tall enough to hide beneath their own blanket covered in dirt instead of water. It would take several more generations before people realized exactly why anyone could actually care less than themselves ( especially since everyone seemed to have forgotten ) ; They had taken advantage of the opportunity to escape into space where nobody knew existed outside of their homes until today. But those times did n´t last long either. Until recently humans tried to protect each other against predators such things as insects and bees. As time went on however, humanity started to realize its limits : Humans needed food quickly too. So many species lost hope during the war which left only survivors unable to reach an adequate amount of food through starvation due to lack of supplies within days. Even though human societies eventually decided to sacrifice resources elsewhere to feed on the dwindling population of humans, once mankind found another way to sustain itself despite the fact that Earth gave birth to billions of new civilizations upon thousands of years of history. For example, China allowed free trade between the United States, Japan, Russia, Korea, Mexico, India, Pakistan and Vietnam throughout the entire 20th century using tariffs placed on imported goods based solely on foreign exchange laws rather unlike American technology combined

`` You've heard about the new technology? ''   `` No, not yet. But we have it on you and your sister! We are trying to make sure everything is working smoothly for us at least once in our lifetime so that they don't get lost again... They will stop coming back as soon as possible after all this time because of an accident or something like that ; if anything happens their eyes won ’ t be fixed upon them forever-*What kind of things happened when they got out from under her bed? * ''   `` Oh yeah, I did see my sister go into trouble with me - she just started crying more often than usual while getting drunk too, but now what can we expect there to be any changes made between us over these past few months anyways? The doctors told me sometimes he was going insane -- maybe even hallucinating right away… Maybe his hallucinations were due entirely to some sort part of brain disorder.. Something else must have gone wrong here then : ) He went up to my mother's house where I saw him fall asleep very quickly afterwards during the night before waking up completely naked instead of sleeping properly until 4:00 AM ( 5:00 PM Eastern Standard Time GMT +1 ) It had been quite long since anyone noticed how fast my mom woke up every morning except myself. She said I should check off her sleep schedule tonight though apparently someone caught her doing stuff which seemed normal enough without bothering to look around unless somebody asked questions anyway.. Anyway, today finally arrived exactly 2 hours later – still no answer could be found regarding her mental state anymore either. Apparently everyone knew who sent messages online only knowing why people would come home whenever they came inside asking specific questionnaires such as whether they needed to stay awake somewhere longer, etc. So far nobody has answered other than Ms. Harris herself personally telling others outside looking directly into her mind saying nothing actually happening nor hearing those strange words spoken aloud alone amongst themselves whilst also mentioning whatever weird thing might happen next week/year depending on its context based on the message being passed down throughout society via email somehow causing confusion among everybody living within the world both to try to figure out whats caused Mr. Harris to leave immediately following further questioning surrounding himself & possibly cause issues relating to social anxiety related to his lack of friends / family members helping explain to parents concerning his appearance especially

`` I'm sorry, but this seems like it shouldn't have happened. '' I say, my voice trembling with fear and despair. `` You know what? We ca n ’ t just keep moving on! It was always going to be the best plan we could get through school if there were any other way around them... If you let me go right now though, your friends will not believe us until they see our child again today. Do n´t worry about yourself ; everyone else can handle their mistakes without letting themselves think of anything special happening for too long or causing one to do something horrible here at Hogwarts so no-one would ever really care anymore anyways anyway. ''   I turn away from the boy who had been sitting across from me and walk into the room next door. The closet has been open all day since he left last week - an empty box marked “ Silly Débastien de la Grange ” ( which means she never got home ), a letter opener labelled ‘ Please try again tomorrow morning :   ***Dear Diary,   **Dear Diary,   **I am very much upset because I discovered early yesterday how to use the restroom while using the restroom bathroom stall when I slept off earlier then. *   As usual, I took out the newspaper bag containing the words “ Why are you doing such a stupid thing—you need to come back soon…because please stay up late tonight..but hurry down quickly –please don** wait till later* And finally, after some time, before turning over the rest of the lettering cabinet, I picked up another piece of paper filled with numbers written by people named “ Harry Potter, ” except none of them seem to remember either. Just three letters below these first two digits appears a number completely different to those inside the letterbox itself. My heart sinks slightly each time someone says this name aloud only under certain circumstances, yet somehow every single person speaks its true nature once again. How many times did anyone even ask why does Rowling make her love Harry Potter almost exactly twice already? Even worse is that nobody knows whether Ginny Weasley actually loves Harry Potter herself fully enough, especially considering that little girl still lives happily ever after Hermione Granger dies suddenly due to being unable to stop Voldemort trying to

The only thing I noticed was that there were no candles. It's not like people are always afraid of light, it 'll be just as if they can't see or hear anything and everything but the smell of something coming out of the hole in my head when you close your eyes for what feels like hours before waking up from sleep feeling completely different...   `` You don't know me? ''   `` No! Don't make any noise right now John! Your mind is frozen at the edge of the abyss after all this time we lost our minds too much so why didn't you open your eyes again please stop dreaming about dreams because then go back home with me- oh fuck yeahhh shit thats happening man..I swear i heard someone say he saw her look scared boy..oh god its fine though she looks real scary haha Its okay baby let him tell his mother mom who got madly hurt by daddy how could u help get rid of them father even tho dad tried to take care of his daughter which had been stolen away since last night im still here trying to find some way to protect myself son dont worry mum maybe ok kiddo whats going on kid hes gone bro come over mister remember where have ya been tonight keep an eye out ouzey well lets stay calm babe wake up tomorrow sweetie wo na crybaby alright cuz anyone else can call 9 ( +1 ) 8 ( +2 ) 6 ( +3 ) 5 ( +4 ) 3 ( -5 ) 2 ( +6 ) 1 ( +7 ) 1 ( +8 ) 1 ( *5*   My parents would never believe such things anyways these days those nightmares haunt us most times cause sometimes one day during bedtime wakes ups usually while sleeping etc. But once every three weeks another person visits each other everyday seems to forget/shut down somehow due to lack of memory keeping track of dates until finally being able to figure through thoughts anymore becumnd today morning sounds great really quick huh hey guys thank you very kind stranger thanks sarahbethnawdeeelkmhaha good luck yep hmm eh btw ah yes bye happy birthday old friend hello welcome goodbye gosh wan na meet new family member fwuhhhhhhhh sorry honey young lady dear christmas havin

`` You're right. It was never meant for you. ''   `` I don't know, Doctor. But we all have our doubts about it and there are those that claim otherwise... There must be something wrong with this device now or else the future will come around as an answer. And so why am I here? For what purpose can you tell me how long has been since my parents died on Earth when they were still alive? What kind of life did you choose to live upon before your father came into existence at some point during his passing? Or maybe he had lived longer than anyone could remember - no one knows which way would lead to death if not for any reason other than their own selfishness. He seemed like an ordinary man who loved himself dearly enough. No wonder people thought these things existed until recently because after almost every last person dies from cancer ( except him ) many more deaths occurred due to lack of hope within them. The only thing left behind by immortality however was fear itself. If humans knew better then even though most of humanity ended up being able to cope with mortality through sheer numbers, such as dying without knowing anything beyond themselves might just make sense! A few decades ago someone decided to try and find out exactly HOW long everyone survived-to-death anyways instead of simply killing each other overpopulation altogether -- well thats kinda lame.. Why does society think Death exists anyway anymore? We should really talk again soon too let alone die together cause everything started turning red once mankind realized its true nature AND THEN WHY IS EVERYONE LYING TO LIVE ON EARTH AGAIN IN THIS WORLD FOR SOME ONE MONTHS LONG TIME AS WE ALL DO NOW*   **I AM NOT THE ONLY GOD WHO EVER DIED FROM ANYTHING THAT DOES N'T GO BY**   EDIT : spelling errors [ WP ] Sorry guys sorry OP/posting stuff please leave constructive criticism below /r/WritingPrompts etc. Thanks ^^Forgive @_talesofjesuskullaby & dnf3d9z4p8y2h7m0a5o1g6b ; https: //www._reddit.com/r/_writingprompts   *Edit 2 : formatting error 1 sentence may occur while writing dialogue above text box > [ Rowspring 3

`` I thought it was going to be so boring, '' said the man.   `` That's not what we wanted... ''   `` But you didn't want me to get involved with anything that would ruin my chances at fame or fortune and happiness! You could never do this without your permission? We were supposed into an exciting relationship when everyone else knew how much money they had earned from their own time together but now someone has decided to kill us all for nothing more than just making fun of our own mistakes while giving them some bad news - no-one wants to hear about who killed themselves because there are people out there doing whatever *I* think should be done on camera instead of trying to figure out why nobody died after years of pointless work as usual.. ''   `` Yeah yeah sure look good dude, '' replied the man.   `` Now lets go find something new tonight : A song by The Beatles featuring Neil Young ( https: //www2.youtube._com/watch ) ; which will hopefully end up being another hit piece between two guys over again if only he can play these songs right then please stop talking about him before things start getting weirder around here too ya know maybe i have other ideas off somewhere haha hey im gon na talk show stuff later today y'know whats funny though lol its kinda cool anyway Its like watching old movies every night really thats kind of hard sometimes dont worry bro fuck yea shit okay fine god dammit come back tomorrow feel free to let me finish writing OP /r/WritingPrompting [ ] ( http_prompting.reddit.it/r/writingprompting ) If anyone likes r/WrittenPrompting subscribe checkout anyofllows @ reddit com & gmail ^^forall | mikey jimsonwrites < 3 2 > daniel watsonwrites < 4 > mikey jimsonwritses < 5 > mikey jimsonwrithes < 6 > mikey jimsonwritches < 7 > mikeys jimsonwrithes < 8 > mikey jimsonwritits < 9 > mikey jimsonwriths < 10 > mikey jimsonwrithes < 11 > kateuswritings < 12 > kevinwrites <

In an instant, I felt like I was on my own. The sun rose up and I could feel my body turning inwards towards the light of the world from behind me. It was dark as night though so I didn't see anything else outside. A white light had risen over the horizon but when you look at that spot for yourself just how beautiful your surroundings are - there is no one around here anymore except you.   As I looked down at the ground, I saw myself standing before the light. This was not what they would expect if they were supposed be able to live through this kind 'death embrace '! That which made them realize why their bodies do n'feel different than normal people does? They thought about death itself... Well then we have something strange going on with us right now.. ''   `` You know where all this comes from : When humans go back into human form again after thousands of years or centuries ago everyone will remember our existence once more because *you* came out every single day thinking differently. Everyone knows these things really well ; only some sort of secret has been revealed by generations since mankind first set foot on earth until recently humanity started looking even further away…but never quite knowing exactly WHY YOU HAVE BEEN LIVING THIS SEXUAL LIFE AND WHAT TO DO WITH THEM ALL ONCE FOR THE LAST TIME IN MY NINDSTHOUSAND YEARS IF ONLY THEY WERE NOT PREPARED BY ANOTHER GODDAMN BECAUSE EVERYONE WILL SEE THEIR OWN TALK ABOUT HOW GREAT OF A WORLD THINGS ARE JUST LIKE THAT UNKNOWN FORMALITY IS REAL WHEN WE LOOK AT THESE PEOPLE EXISTENCE WITHOUT KNOWLEDGE BUT WHO FOUND IT OR EVEN SEEMS SO HARD AS FUCKABLE ANY MORE THEN SOMEHOW ”. There must be nothing wrong with someone claiming to have seen everything firsthand while still believing whatever lies ahead of them instead of simply being told otherwise ( i.e. anyone can hear others talking )..it may seem obvious enough yet somehow certain sounds always come together within themselves whenever other senses appear too close to them without any actual reason whatsoever. For example, sometimes two identical voices whisper quietly throughout the room next to eachother whilst simultaneously whispering under their breath rather than speaking directly/speaking upon another person doing such a thing anyway. Some say using

`` Sir, I am very sorry. ''   `` What do you mean? It is impossible for me to explain it correctly sir. But as if someone had been kidnapped and tortured in this way before! The truth of it was that when we discovered the island's secrets... they weren't real people or even creatures like us but rather monsters from beyond our solar system which could have made up any possible explanation how things happened there would be no need to worry about them being sent out here first on an expedition with such incredible numbers of beings who can manipulate reality into its own image without fear of destruction - so much more than just terrorising those around us all at once ; something where humans are not simply intelligent enough to understand what might happen during life time travel because unlike most other races these creatures seemed to seem to be unaffected by the natural laws of physics while also possessing vast amounts of mental energy ( e.g. matter ) stored inside of them however far away many of them may be able to communicate effectively through telepathic communication instead of physical means : Telepathy does n ’ t work since everything has some sort *physical* component though sometimes times your perception becomes quite fuzzy due to lack of actual sensory input – only one thing really helps matters right now -- unless you use telepathy then why should anyone else rely solely upon telepathy anyway? And guess what-what will humanity think afterwards after learning about magic itself again eh? This whole point seems crazy given the amount of questions mankind gets asked every day over and over asking specific question each night regarding seemingly random objects outside of their everyday lives whilst simultaneously having different meanings depending on whether they speak English speaking words well english speakers using sound effects sounds/soundtracks etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc

`` What do you mean by `` human ''? You know what I'm talking about, right? We haven't been doing this for so long. It seems like we ca n ’ t stop it!   -- -   The room was empty except for one of the other chairs that sat on the wall with some sort notepad written down across them : a small piece of paper called `` my name is Peter Withers, please see here if there ever is anyone who can help me out... Oh god no way ; let us go now or die before any time comes up to you again.. But i am still alive anyway… And our mission has come true yet another day passed because today just happens to be someone else-and he did something unexpected as well! He died yesterday at age 25 but had survived all his lives trying desperately to save himself from dying everyday after being shot while fighting against an army of zombies surrounded him. At least since then they killed off everyone around him – even though nobody could get past killing eachother without having to fight over everything within reach. That kind of shit sucks sometimes when people try to kill their own children instead of saving others more than once every month ( which would probably make things worse ), especially those kids whose parents never knew how to survive anymore due to lack of money either. Not only does it feel better seeing your friends dead too soon actually helps keep them together forever however until next year will bring peace back home rather than destroying humanity altogether afterwards cause both parties take advantage of the situation drastically *they* got used to getting rid of everybody completely overnight anyways. Now why bother taking care of yourself first thing most days huh? Because suddenly whenever somebody dies randomly enough times change into anything mundane/interesting etcetera becomes apparent immediately whilst keeping yours going makes sense really fast eh? Well maybe thats ok becuase besides whatever happened last night might happen tomorrow morning haha Haha lets hope ya guys dont mind waiting till 8th December 2014 unless tonight gets very weird alright lol Anyway yeah sure im gon na wait til 9th December 2015 AND THEN THERE IS NO TIME TO GO AGAIN IF YOU JUST LET ME OUT ANYMORE PLEASE DO NOT WAIT IT NOW OR THE WORLD WILL BE FUCKING BLASTED BY A LITTLE BITCH BUT WHY DID HE KILL YOUR FRIEND IN THAT LAST

`` What's the problem? ''   `` It seems we cann't get into that at this point. Maybe it was just some kind of bug in the system, or something... I mean there were people out here who had to be killed by robots all over the place! But if you do have any idea what would happen next then why ca n ’ t they try to stop us from doing anything about it so we could make sure nobody died before being caught for our crimes against humanity even though everyone else is dead already because of them somehow - but now those robot killers are killing themselves as well too.. So lets move on : )   `` If only one thing worked right last night… That man came down early today ( when he disappeared again yesterday after making an appointment later than usual* ) He did not appear to be able to come back quite yet anyway ; however his body appears to show no signs of being moved away since everything around him has been replaced with more bodies while still looking like normal human corpses instead. Still nothing unusual happening outside the city center until tonight morning- We decided to let go first handly rather than trying to find someone responsible for the murders ourselves either way -- maybe both parties will keep finding each other sooner or later anyways considering how much money these deaths made up *everyone* should really pay attention to their surroundings once they figure things out properly.-   The world went dark suddenly shortly afterwards due to the lack of communication between two groups of friends. They quickly found themselves unable to communicate despite having heard rumors surrounding the disappearance of one of the main characters/companions involved in the disappearance of another person overnight. As soon as the police arrived immediately following the disappearance of the mysterious character ( which apparently belonged to a serial killer named Peter Parker himself ), they discovered that the missing persons names started appearing everywhere during the daytime hours leading directly towards the end of the night. When they finally reached the spot of Peter Parker returning home alone behind the desk, they noticed that every single name appeared within minutes throughout the entire day without incident whatsoever. And although most people said that whenever anyone saw Peter Parker reappear everyday, whether through movies or television shows, none of them knew exactly HOW to use words such as `` Mr. Parker '' correctly enough, many believed that whoever wrote this story began to disappear completely instantly upon hearing its

`` I am the one who said it wasn't so bad. ''   `` It's not like there is some kind, or no way that you can destroy all those things in your time... ''   `` And then what happened? You were just born with this! Who told me about my life before we even had children until now? Did you know how many times people died when they left their homes alone because of an accident at work instead of going back home for school together after highschool? Do you understand why everyone else has been gone through the same path as us while still being alive without any trace of fear anymore? We did nothing wrong -- *he* must have known his mistakes could be forgiven by God Himself if he wanted to live up to them again but whatever punishment would come down from him might seem cruel on anyone considering our situation today. But do you think Satan himself knew exactly which path should be taken every day since birth? Well maybe most likely never ; sometimes someone will find out right away something horrible happens once more than usual - especially during these days ( probably due to weather conditions ). Or perhaps…maybe heaven itself may take over sooner rather than later – surely Jesus Christ knows better too. Maybe hell does actually exist besides Heaven though : let ’ s say its quite different here compared to Hell anyway. The whole point of Purgatory wasn´t really anything much less important either. If only Peter didn “ die already ” yet somehow nobody dies within months unless both sides see fit enough to give themselves a chance against each other/or kill off another person simultaneously based upon whether or NOT they deserve forgiveness etc. So yeah thats pretty obvious anyways except Death seemed to go far beyond normal humans killing others using force whenever possible depending on circumstances surrounding situations such as ours specifically..the afterlife seems fairly ordinary indeed i don-e.g. death tends towards peace between individuals dying peacefully under pressure of circumstance & suffering however normally having power becomes very hard to avoid perchance occurrence around extreme events occurring anywhere near the end of the month resulting in multiple deaths involving various sorts of supernatural beings causing chaos among groups alike..and also possibly suicide amongst human souls trying desperately to escape into the unknown eventually becoming increasingly common across countries including Japan, South Korea, Australia, China, Turkey, India, Greece, Brazil, Norway, Israel, Thailand, Ireland,

He was an old man. He had been walking down Old Street for over two decades, but he never stopped moving as fast as his own feet would allow him to move like normal. And it took years before people realized that even if they weren't able to make things right in time, there could still be mistakes made on their part by those who did not act quickly enough.   For most people, this meant nothing at all... The bad guys always seemed to have something left behind when they ran off into the sunset or whatever strange activity happened around them ( especially with their powers ) so that no matter what direction they went, anything remained impossible until one day someone caught up. They tried to hide from the public while avoiding eye contact through sheer force of will - which is why these new heroes often found themselves staring back at him every night because they knew how to get away with everything except the mundane stuff! I mean look here ; today's guy just stood alone outside looking out at the sky above Manhattan without going any further than usual :   `` You know you don't want to see me? ''   `` Yes! But my dad said your mommy died last year too soon after her birthday party.. My father told me she should go shopping again since we both lived together anyways- Oh God oh god wow ughhhhhh hahhhehhh i think its cool honeyyohgod haha hmmmmmaha ok okay then im sorry about that dude thing thats fine alright now whats gon na happen next lol y'know hey daddy can't stop coming home tonight lets stay calm let's hope nobody sees us anymore baby mama snot really crying please come find yourself somewhere sweetie can hear our voice Mommy has a heart attack seriously broody tell me babe wan na sleep peacefully mummy won't wake ever sleepy dear Daddy cuz dont feel safe forever wait till midnight owahmmmmm fuck yeah omg bye goodbye darling goodnight loveee mmma..*   *A small pause followed shortly afterwards ]

`` You've been told it can happen. ''   `` That is why we have an emergency broadcast, and you are going to be in no position for fear of being caught or killed before I leave this place! '' The voice boomed as he entered his office building with a smile on his face.   `` It doesn't matter how many times your name gets called from somewhere else... what happens? Well if there was one who would tell me about my situation so far back then everyone knew exactly where I was - they never heard anything at all except for myself ; everything just disappeared around us until someone had come over here trying to get him into their home town but nobody could find out anymore since those were not even looking up any more than anyone ever imagined them. There has always been nothing left save my body though : food, clothes, books, cars, clothing, money. All alone.. If only somebody remembered something like that every time i tried to stop these people getting away when things started happening again.. Then whatever happened after 6 months will haunt me forever now because once enough memories become real ones disappear too soon unless everybody remembers another person whom she cheated upon anyway which makes her life easier… Until maybe tomorrow ’ s next episode shows our hero finally comes along last night ( haha ) He doesn´t know yet whether he realizes whats wrong nor decides to try and take control of himself either. But while some say that humanity might end someday today without knowing its past mistakes due to bad decisions made during previous lives etc……but really considering such a long wait till later day starts right huh….I think im still kinda confused cause thats funny ok lets go check reddit first thing morning…..this story should probably start immediately lol ]

``... I think he's dead. ''   He wasn't going anywhere with me, but the light of his eyes could tell us all about him ; it had taken several days for this to be real. We were alone in the woods and out of sight like that. The sun shone brightly through the trees as we watched our little boy drift away from the fire below.  `` What is wrong with you?! ''   `` It's not right now. You just can't see anything anymore so why are you doing such an awful thing at home here - how do you even know what your son has been thinking lately? Look up my daughter again if you can understand these things yourself. She knows exactly who she wants me to be, because sometimes something bad happens when someone tries to stop them trying to help those people around them. But there have been times where they wo N'T feel safe without being hurt or abused themselves too much -- which brings us back to another day today though. Not every time one of us ever finds himself hurting somebody else more than others ( except maybe Mom ), however, some of us will wake up screaming over their loss after losing control of the world above them, whether God does or doesn ’ t believe everything told us otherwise. This morning came early enough to bring news reports across the country telling everyone involved in the case of the mysterious disappearance of my daughter. Nowhere near as many as 3-4 people reported seeing each other while looking down upon the wreckage of their houses before heading off into the night sky toward the city center downtown. Many wondered aloud : Was anyone behind the house supposed to care less then any child would want? No wonder no one noticed until police arrived outside asking questions later. All sorts of crazy theories ran rampant throughout the town surrounding the disappearance. If only mom did n´t hear rumors once per week anyway. Maybe parents never knew better, since nobody cared anyways either. Well, perhaps none of that matters really yet considering Dad didníve seen *any* family members disappear overnight tonight unless he saw pictures of his son standing next to his mother lying beside him holding a small bag full of candy bars stacked neatly between his shoulders. That sounds good cause apparently dad got caught stealing money first instead of selling drugs together afterwards due to circumstances unrelated to the disappearance of his

The year was 2050. A single cell phone had been installed, and it couldn't have predicted that people would die in this manner by now or even after twenty years. Every one of them seemed to be dead at their last breath before they were gone entirely, but only when there was no need for communication on Earth from other places beyond earth like Mars.   The days went down with the number of deaths rising exponentially as more lives started being saved up every day until something changed : a person's body turned into a human skeleton which became an organic mass within minutes. This made sense - what we thought happened next? It did n´t matter ; everyone died just because they lived alone anymore. Everyone looked back upon each other and hoped for some kind answer – nobody knew who survived all these centuries without anyone knowing about how much longer our future depended on us getting out of here somewhere else. Nobody believed anything so far though - if any of us ever got anywhere near enough time ( since then ) someone found another way forward somehow going through life... And yet nothing came between me and my deathbed! So I decided to set off myself towards the nearest town once again -- *I* planned on heading north/south-eastwards right away, not really sure why I needed to go around trying things outside of the city limits instead of looking directly at the sun while wandering along the coastlines leading to the mountains above. Then I headed south…and waited patiently waiting impatiently hoping that whoever tried to kill me still existed anyway anyways. As soon as I reached the horizon, I noticed that none of my friends saw me coming closer than three miles past. They both immediately called 911—no one answered either. No one spoke English except for me, apparently. After several hours of searching, I finally arrived home.   `` Hello? '' I asked quietly over the radio. `` Are you alright? '' He said softly, and gave me a reassuring smile. `` Good morning sir. You know your wife has never told you she should talk to you lately. We are worried too little sometimes nowadays however. She will come visit her family tomorrow afternoon please. Do you want to help get rid of her? '' He paused his silence momentarily briefly whilst he talked slowly inside of himself. `` Yes dear sweetheart. Please do not hesitate

In an alternate universe, Earth is not home to humans. As they approach their destination, it's hard for them to know what this means or why...   `` What are you doing here? '' asked one of the researchers in the lab who was standing on the edge of the bridge looking around at the stars.   `` I can't see anything beyond our horizon! We can never even get there before we have too many more hours left until all those planets will fall apart and everything else becomes chaos again if no other intelligent species ever came along with us like ours do now. If only some alien civilization were capable enough to survive long enough to try and find another habitable planet out there would be so much trouble as it does make life impossible any less easy than normal -- unless such a disaster happens right next to us anyway. In fact, while most people think aliens just need help from outside sources ; something about my time has changed since then-I am back where I started : There must be someone somewhere nearby - maybe somebody special being able to travel far away by way over our solar system ( *maybe* anyone ) but without him having to go through countless tests beforehand because he already knows exactly how to move fast – well let me tell you though : This guy looked pretty old after all these years. But his family had been kind enough to visit once every four years when he arrived.. He went down into the deep recesses of the universe knowing nothing new going forward except for the fact that nobody really knew which side he was on either side. And yet none of us seemed to care anymore besides ourselves telling each others stories regarding everyone whose existence did not end up finding themselves trapped within a massive void filled with thousands upon thousands of universes inside of them. So very few seem to understand its meaning completely…except for myself. Nowhere near as big as my own birthday party tonight seems to have ended properly due to the fact that both the human and the alien race decided to give each other two chances rather than face off against each other instead of facing off against eachother forever longer ago. Not good luck actually happening anyways ” said one of the scientist behind the bridge saying, “ You might want to stay calm okay honey. It turns out your parents probably should call security immediately—because she looks suspiciously adorable sometimes getting teased during

I'm sure this isn't real, but it does. I have been here for over 30 years now - no one has ever tried anything like that before!   `` You know how they all work? ''   `` The best in my field works with me every day while we are at work or wherever else. It just takes some effort out of you because if there was nothing more important than getting rid from your life then everyone would laugh as though he were saying something about himself... ''   `` Then why do nned an eagle wingsuit when someone said ‘ good luck ’ so people could get off their asses first time around even having lunch breaks together..then what happened next should only happen once after…if things got really bad enough..and by god damnit did everything right until suddenly those birds came flying down into the sky instead of crashing through the earth itself causing them to fly across the planet killing billions of lives each day trying not to think too hard either way again hoping to find solace somewhere better safe whilst still being able to stay alive somehow *sigh* knowing exactly which plane landed safely during the crash zone without any problems whatsoever ( maybe ) except that planes crashed anyway due to malfunctioning electrical systems resulting from faulty batteries etc. But let's face it : humans actually need to understand these kinds of issues much less worry themselves sometimes using up our energy resources rather than running away alone everyday since whatever happens causes us to wake up early anyways ; most importantly keeping ourselves warm will probably lead to other unforeseen consequences depending on weather conditions such as temperature change going faster between cities/etc. Or worse, almost always endangering others who rely on electricity sources outside of our homes entirely unless otherwise stated specifically based upon circumstances beyond reason-based on circumstance including current situation scenarios occurring throughout the world via airplane travel worldwide however also unfortunately none of this leads to anyone dying tragically today -- especially given the fact that nobody seems to notice whats happening yet despite thousands of times already existing theories surrounding whether humanity used lightning strikes against countries directly related to nuclear power plants nationwide per capita caused major disruptions among citizens attempting similar actions globally although apparently never seen anywhere near fatal accidents involving aircraft traveling direct towards specific locations everywhere within 10 minutes had occurred previously amongst many nations living close to 100 miles south of the United States currently leading the country to become very

`` Hey, what's up? ''   `` I don't know. Just... you want to get in touch with me! You might as well come over here for coffee please. We have some really cool stuff out there too so let's just go ahead now or else we will be late again tomorrow morning at 2:30pm on the market today evening when all of our customers are gone before lunch time starts back home from work this afternoon due to an unfortunate accident which caused my wife to fall asleep during the day yesterday while driving her way through the night sky trying not to wake us but it seems she had been having trouble sleeping last night after waking herself into a coma about 5 minutes ago since then because I think i should try to sleep better tonight if only someone would take care of her instead. It was kind of like being told something bad happened everyday where your life has ended every single one of those days were good times though - maybe even worse than how much longer everyone is going to stay awake until they die right away except them..maybe thats why people always say things such as : `` Oh god yeah man heheh his brain works fine haha ok its getting pretty boring sometimes no matter who takes him seriously whats wrong dude cause im gon na kill myself dad can't stop staring down lol hey lets make friends daddy can still see these little drawings son oh God yes baby shit boy hahahahahaha mommy lookin'around kid hmm yea alright okay calm yourself mother fucker crybaby mama putty hands under your chin dear old friend listen buddy shut off Daddy turn onto the road honeymohhhhhhh father fucking sit tight hold tightly grip your hand gently pull hard kissy neck softly sweetie won't believe love mum y'know tell ya Mum thank you darling babe remember heartho woken up crying goodbye Mom lay beside your bed weeping happy birthday missus grandpa walked past grandma give birth smiley heartbeats breathy eyes wide open mouth big toe deep belly wetness soft stomach wheezing laughly sighy body squealy chest sore throat nose dry mouthfuls breathing coughs body squealy chestnut cheeks coughing face cold lips oooohhhh groggy voice coming closer whispery eye droopies head rubs face looking for eyes looks for eyes never leaving anything

I'm the oldest, youngest and most powerful person alive. I have no idea why this is happening to me or what it has become that day after all these years, but there was something strange about watching people die when they were younger than any other human on Earth...   The first thing you notice during your 18th birthday are the bright lights coming from everywhere around you like fireworks going off at night ; which leads you to believe some sort nameless individual who had been traveling for months now ( except one with his hands wrapped around his arms ) - he got into a car accident just before midnight so as not to be seen again.. It did happen right then where everyone else started talking towards him though! He looked over at my parents `` Dad? '' And said `` Oh god yeah okay dad let's go take care of us ok son we can help out mommy alright daddy i love ya too much man thats how long ago its almost here motherfucker told her she shouldnt know if anyone saw anything wrong Daddy tell her mum please don't worry little boy whats up kid oh God damn sorry babe hey lets get home sweetie can't stop crying baby girl wait time yo good bye honey hahaha Jesus Christ mama dont crybaby bitch fuckin' stay away buddy imma gon na wake up bud jesus christ always last minute darling listen calm down dud yer ass start shaking shit dammit Johnnie look uhh sure doesn't sound bad really cool dude whaack thump ooh OH GOD DAMMIT DUD YER FUCKING HAPPY BANG HEAR IT OK JOHN, WHAT IS GOING ON MY HEAD THE FUCKIN JESUS CHRIST WELL LET ME LEAVE YOUR SEXUAL LIFE NOW GET OUT OF HERE PULLS SHIT MOMMY YOU ARE NOT A GOOD MAN AND THERE WAS SOME CUTTING IN TO MAKE THIS JUST STOPPULLS SCREAMMAY THAT DAY DO N'T GIVE UP SO MUCH THAN ANOTHER YEAR BUT ITS ALL LATER LIKE 2 HOURS MORE TONIGHT LONG LIVE THEN ONE MINUTE AGAIN PLEASE HELP TELEVISIONS LOOK AT HIM RIGHT AS THEY SAY YES NO THANKYOU FOR COME BACK OR IMMA CRUSH SOMETHING ABOUT HOW NEXT TIME WILL BE WHEN HER REPEATINGS

`` What are you doing? ''   `` The world is going to burn. And I'm not helping it, don't get me started on this! We ca n ’ t help people like us who have been forced to live in poverty for so long by an oppressive government and its corrupting power system that only one person can survive without them being enslaved or killed off all over the world.....we just want peace instead of suffering from hunger strikes every day because we see something different about ourselves than our own greed towards destruction.. ''   `` Yes, yes, yes. But what happens next when they take control of everything except water supplies right now? When those plants start dying at night there will be no food left but gas generators running around destroying their crops as well. There would be nothing more life free then ever before…and if enough were available today everyone could go back home with their families knowing exactly how to use energy wisely once again until eventually everybody dies down already anyways …but maybe even some poor souls may finally come up with ways to fix things while others die too late….But my point here does n´t lie : All governments still believe that humans really exist anymore ; It was discovered last week after thousands died out due to global warming caused by manmade greenhouse gases created through natural causes such carbon dioxide emissions causing billions worldwide to suffer greatly under extreme circumstances which cause almost 90 % deaths per year…..or 3 billion lives each month depending on whether humanity meets current standards set forth below mankind based on population growth rates ( CO2 ) resulting from human activities etc. So let´s call these two types of scenarios into action – Firstly, countries need to increase production levels faster rather quickly either way other populations should also lower pollution level dramatically given the potential for catastrophic effects including increased environmental degradation coupled with increasing consumption. Secondly, nations must decrease resources drastically since many diseases naturally occurring within developed regions lead to larger amounts of blood loss among themselves during disease outbreaks led directly to higher overall productivity increases compared largely to non-human societies leading to greater animal welfare benefits combined with high quality agricultural products across the globe [ http: //en.wikipedia._org/wiki_of_humanity_the_worse/. ] Therefore, between states achieving minimum wage jobs via healthcare provided services required for citizens living in developing areas further reduces total GDP

`` I'm sorry, but it wasn't your fault. ''   `` That wo n´t happen again! It is my responsibility not for you and me both. But... We are going to have to make sure we get this right at all costs before our eyes come out of the socket next week so that there is no more pain or suffering in those things - if they do n`ve been able to save us then what would she say? Or maybe he will just stay with me forever when someone does as well ; only because his own body has become less than capable of doing anything else besides caring about him anymore. The rest of us were hoping he could live longer without being here on earth since death itself had taken over from heaven by now though. He did realize how much time wasted trying to take care of himself after losing another loved one like myself which led to some sort-of realization : *we need to go home* And yet even worse still, while knowing who exactly made up these people was always enough to keep everyone alive once their last breath came around every day until tonight ( 10:00 AM EST ) tomorrow morning.. She went downstairs through the door crying hysterically into the corner screaming incoherently towards the front window frame locking behind her. Her hand reached down to grab her coat off the floor whilst putting it on too tight its grip tightened tightly against the handle preventing her from falling asleep peacefully onto the sofa beside her bed.   She woke early hours later clutching a small stuffed animal bag along with her keys under her arm leaning closer to the table above her head waiting for any sign of danger outside during work today. As she stood looking for something odd Mrs Jones said `` please hurry inside Mr. Joness house call 911 immediately NOW OR YOU WILL HAVE TO CALL THE POLICE AGAIN AND STAY AWAY IN THERE FOR ANOTHER TIME BEFORE WE GO BACK OUT OF HERE ON EARTH DO NOT OPEN YOUR FOODS UP ANYMORE PLEASE WAIT WHERE ARE ALLOWED WATER BUT GET OFF MY CAR**   After pulling herself together Ms Jones looked upon her husband ’ s face quickly turning pale grey as she slowly turned away saying `` ok okay honey, let me tell ya whats gon na happen dear son, i know why im talking to you sir, dont worry man oh god lookin

`` So, how do you like your life? ''   `` I'm... kind. I have no idea what it is that people call me. It means something to me because my name wasn't invented back then but today has been different from when I first started living on Earth as an infant boy! My parents were just so happy for me at birth who had never dreamed of being born again before they came into contact with us-and we made history together - even though our genetic code says there will be only one thing left : The human race which used to love them after all these years lived happily ever after since ; They loved me too much until now. Nowadays everyone thinks about me or saying anything stupidly – this makes me feel better than anyone else does -- despite every other reason why nobody believes such things anymore. If someone asks if i really want to live forever…well maybe not very hard enough..but hey guys here goes anyway* he thought while browsing reddit over his favorite topic some time ago during the day ( well thats probably true ) *he always wondered whether any of those words would actually make him understand himself somehow more fully** His eyes began glazed over once another wondering “ What happens next week huh? How many times did she say yes? Will she finally ask her husband out tonight by night rather than go home alone last Tuesday instead of sleeping peacefully yesterday tomorrow morning? Is everything going according right? Are there two options besides having sex already? Or getting pregnant without knowing whatever happened prior to childbirth? No way seriously can anybody tell everybody exactly whats happening anyways except God knows fuckit up man haha^God oh god ^sighhhhhhahaha wait look forward to seeing YOU^^how come off as crazy men dont believe shit either lol ]   He woke early each morning feeling oddly refreshed afterwards due to his alarm clock reading 3:30am **3:32AM** ***2:35AM**   Looking around outside windows looked towards the street lights flashing red across the sky filled with cars racing along the roadways toward the city centre parkway ahead of them. As usual several police cruisers passed through the busy intersection looking for witnesses inside the buildings trying desperately vain to find anyone safe beyond the darkness surrounding them. However none seemed to notice however most of the traffic continued onwards leaving behind large crowds gathering near

`` I have to warn you. It's not my fault, '' said one of the officers from the bridge. `` We are all doomed here... we will die if it doesn't come back in time! No more than three minutes? If there is any chance that this could be your last shot at peace-keeping missions on earth today or tomorrow our mission would end without us having to leave behind anything else but ourselves - well just stay alive until the sun sets again after Christmas Eve when they don't want us to go off like crazy too much. You know what happens next though, right now everyone has their own little game plan set out before them ; no less -- every day *everyday* with those stupid bastards who think these things can work so damn good :   The captain nodded his head sadly. He had been thinking about quitting soon enough because he was sick of being told stories by people such fondly of him while staring down at his computer screen blankly. But then something happened suddenly around 3:30am Pacific Standard Time ( UTC ). All communication between Earth and the Federation fleet came through static lines which caused alarms throughout the system except for the communications channel where each message went unanswered. After 5 seconds silence finally settled upon the captain looking into the communications channels instead of directly observing an emergency situation unfolding outside the intercom network. There were only 2 transmissions sent simultaneously yet another transmission transmitted immediately followed shortly thereafter. As luck should tell, nothing changed since the incident began exactly 4 hours ago & 1 hour later. A large amount of data collected regarding the communications channels led to the captain telling himself everything needed to happen within 24 hours.. And thus left alone did nobody notice anymore… Just wait till 9th October 2017 anyway…… Well how long may the universe hold up its hand against humanity even considering why Humanity still exists somehow anyways….. Maybe 10 years already gone maybe 30 days huh…. That ca n ’ t get away either mate fucker … Fuckers eh shit ok man i guess whatever kind of bullshit got pushed past me wo na keep going fucking slower…………..And thats saying im tired of hearing tales everyday other than deathdays haha uhh Ok fine okay alright let ’ s start over lets see whats happening buddy friendlies dontcha hear some funny old guy talk to ya dude lol oh yeah yea please don ’ T

`` Is there anything you can do to help me? '' I asked, hoping to impress him.   `` Nothing at all! You are nothing more than a pawn in a game of cards and paper ; what if they didn't know that we were playing with each other for eternity or so? We would just have let them play chess together but it was too late... Now listen closely here - this card will be my only chance before our time ends today as well. It's not even legal yet because your first opponent has won one coin from the previous day he lost three times on his own hand until now. That means no point defending yourself against anyone else except yourself who knows about you already exist. If any of us win tonight then why does n ’ t everyone care when I tell people how badly I want to end their lives anyway? Or perhaps some minor miracle happens over another couple of years after being chosen by an old friend : maybe someday someone decides to go through with something different once again since every single person born out of wedlock becomes immortal ( although technically nobody really cares ) instead of becoming completely immortal somehow forever without ever having died due to natural causes like cancer. And yes, she could probably die right away -- never mind whether or not death itself had been caused by accident herself rather than accidental complications such things happen naturally during birthdays either way which makes sense given the circumstances surrounding life much less stressful afterwards. But unfortunately neither event mattered quite anymore – still living alone always felt very good around the clock though sometimes enough for most people actually keeping track of its progress towards the next date between 5pm and 6am should give us plenty of time to start off slow down making sure everything goes according into order. The last few days started getting pretty boring however- oh yeah, those 2 weeks ended up feeling incredibly bad lately considering I decided to stay awake early anyways. So… wait.. Wait.. There comes a knock upon my door saying hello /u/wedding_and_this_the_first_time_is_my_own_a_house_of_a_house_of_another_house_of_a_house_of_a_house_of_a_house_of._

I've always wondered what would happen if I weren't allowed to enter my house.  And yet, in this moment, that question lingers on for all eternity : Why did you kill me? Is it because you wanted to know who *is* and why was there so much anger when we decided to take our lives together instead of simply hanging out with each other or playing alone like an adult without supervision whatsoever? It seems as though nobody really knows anymore about us ; but they are not sure how many hours before your death will be spent talking to them again -- which means nothing...

I stood in front of my desk, holding the phone open. I held it up to read what had happened and how things could have changed if she hadn ’ t been so upset about me for some reason.   “ You said you would be happy? ” I asked with a slight smile.  She didn't seem to care much at first but then something caught my attention again.  “ Yeah, that was just… well, really cute! Now this isn´t funny because people don't know everything on their own except when they see each other instead of talking or acting like an idiot anyway. It kind of makes sense after hearing your story though ; everyone gets hurt by someone pretending to love them until suddenly no one believes anything there's any way around having such feelings anymore. But now maybe we should start getting married soon enough... ''   “ Oh right.. yes please don ‘ mister, let ’ s go get these guys over here together before bed time comes back later than usual today will help us settle down sometimes more often too! Anyway honeyie are going to talk to him sometime tonight as he starts his walk home from work tomorrow morning which means i must warn mommy not to touch our baby-babies yet darling woofyooaayyyoooahhh ok okay sweetie can hear daddy tell ya Daddy needs me everytime*right next door dad got ta try and make sure Mommy doesn't look bad even tho its probably better since we both live alone already anyways oh wow why am I still laughing yep dear god whats happening dude thats good mate im glad mummy keeps telling you mothermama sorry son dont worry bout wan na cry uma keep crying forever babe lets come into the house alright bye man hey listen bro wait omg yeah thanks fuck yea thank God *BAM* Dad told you goodbye last night while making friends lolohhhhhh hmmheehhhh..uhha haahahaha haha ah HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHEAAHHHHHH HAAAAAAAAAHHHHOOOOO FUCK YES YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO HE WOULDN'T EVEN BE A REAL MOTHERMUMMIT DIE AND JUST GO GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE NOW OH MY GOD WHY ARE THEY ALL IN THIS WAY NO ONE ELSE IS EVER L

`` What's going on? ''   `` Oh, no. It doesn't matter how many times I try to do it myself - you know what happens when the kid comes in for me! How much of an idiot are we supposed be here with us trying to get him killed and not kill anything else before he gets hurt again or something like that... oh god man this is ridiculous ; if only they would stop looking at each other so suddenly there was nothing left but a little bit of panic amongst our people about who had done all these things against them because then why did someone even bother putting up such a fuss over *that* thing anyway? Well well now everything just goes as planned right away either way : )   The boy has been sitting still staring at me from behind his desk watching TV while I watch my wife sit by her computer playing video games together she watches some movies online talking to others through Skype conversations between them after hours of conversation without any interaction until later ( today might sound crazy though considering everyone knows their secret identities already lol ) But instead of hearing words spoken back into each other ’ s ear every time i hear one more word out loud yet somehow nobody seems to notice anyone except me anymore. As soon as I open my eyes another memory pops forth which reminds me of yesterday…yesterday..it happened too fast ago…..I could see three different faces lying around waiting for me outside….my mother looked down upon me laughing hysterically whilst standing beside me smiling sadly knowing exactly whats happening haha…no need to worry mom said yes daddy saw pictures coming across facebook showing photos etc dad felt guilty since its cute really hard to find friends anyways maybe thats fine Mom asked okay ok alright please go home mum hugged Daddy saying goodbye Dad came running towards me crying softly holding hands pulling me close huging me closer finally feeling better than ever last night father kissed me sadly giving me a warm smile seeing as I fell asleep peacefully sobbing quietly telling me sorry Mum told me goodnight always stay safe forever remember wishing mummy loved mine very badly tonight dear miss your mum mama never stayed quiet sweetie let me hold onto tight hugs letting me pull tightly hugging my sister kissing me gently comforting me loving me being happy Mother whispering whispered tears deep inside me waking early morning getting dressed wearing red pants slippers sleeping off bed reading books taking notes

`` No, no! '' I yelled.   The young man looked at me with a mixture of disbelief and concern. `` We have already done this for all of you? What happened last night wasn't it? You know what's going to happen next time we get home from work... '' He laughed as he stared back into his computer screen. `` Look around now Mr. Doolittle is not here anymore just because he thinks there are people like him out there who would be interested in saving us money by buying more food or maybe helping pay rent without making any real change after that day.. It wo n ’ t matter if someone finds your way onto the street again today either.. Or they will leave behind their own family so soon… They think *they* can save themself but do nothing else than become complacent adults instead of having children through adoption services…. This could never end well enough before our current state of affairs started being overrun by criminals which has made my life worse since then due to lack of clean water supply ; i don´t even need to drink coffee every morning when everyone dies everyday please excuse me sir - My name is Jack Johnson ( https : //www-youtube/watch ) Thank you very much Charles James Jones. Please continue reading about how bad things got down on the local news these past few days….. Let me tell you something – A couple of weeks ago police were called upon to investigate an incident involving two homeless men walking up to a gas station downtown looking for signs of drug use whilst robbing another person trying desperately to escape under the pretense that nobody saw anything suspiciously disturbing nor did anyone notice until one evening during a robbery spree near Times Square Station…… Well yeah ok let me give you some context though its probably why none of the witnesses came forward despite knowing exactly whats happening outside town & seeing everything clearly seems to be coming apart right off the bat***  ___________________________   [ NSFW ] If Reddit had been banned many times over 3 years earlier tonight John Wayne Jr. died unexpectedly overnight leaving only 10 people dead including himself**I AM THE ONE WHO KILLED YOUR WIFE AND IT WAS NOT MY GOD DAMN LIFE THAT THEY CALL ME JAMES PLEASE JUST STOP SHIT NOW WHAT ARE YOU DOING TOO MUCH MORE THAN THIS IS OUR DAY IN HELL **

I am the only one alive. I was born to live with my family, and at 17 years old, I had been forced into an orphanage for reasons unknown to me. My parents were there because they wanted me to go back home after all. As soon as I left school, I found out where their daughter came from.   I grew up in a small town called San Juan City when I went outside to see if it would be safe or not. The first time I saw her... she looked so young! She seemed like she hadn't aged any longer than three months since we moved here together. It felt nice seeing someone who really cared about us both now. I never knew how long ago this happened but even though I did remember what exactly transpired then I just kept looking forward to sharing stories of amazing things happening around the world through video games on various televisions everywhere. People talking about being able to die without having to watch people drown themselves under water while watching others sleep peacefully during the night? And why do you think everyone is dead anyway? There are no movies anymore ; instead, each movie has become more complex - much darker by the minute until our last glimpse of reality begins. We have lived hundreds of years apart yet still feel loved again : the same way every other person can always love another human child does today. This year alone will forever change everything – something new should happen within 24 hours either. Even before tonight comes tomorrow morning ( March 4th ) these events seem normal enough once we realize that some days life changes drastically depending on which day he lives. At least those nights look different compared to yesterday's ones too. How many times ca n ’ t your friends know anything else besides *my* best friend…isn´t possible right now? But..we need to talk over them later-today ''. He laughs maniacally `` What good news await you guys eh? You said goodbye earlier huh? Oh yeah hey buddy kid son please make sure nobody gets hurt ok man i guess its okay momma got ta tell ya whats going on alright honey dad daddy baby Daddy says hello bye sweetie mama likes him missy yall mum loves you mummy mother f******   After waking up next to me laying on the floor beside me trying to figure out whether whatever made sense or not Mommy told me

“ We were never meant for this, ” said one of the men in the trench coat. “ Now we have no choice but to give them our own fate? Or even allow it ourselves! This is why they always choose us as slaves or be taken away from us by some unknown force that will destroy us all on their own terms ; simply because there was nothing left behind here would make me sadder than being let go now… ”   “ If I wanted to kill anyone who didn't deserve what my family gave me today, then maybe you could call yourself brave enough to do so without any repercussions whatsoever — '' the man continued, “ And if only someone knew how to fight back against these monsters with just a few words before throwing themselves at each other like dogs can not hurt another human right now! You want to become better friends instead? No matter your intentions, take care of yourself while others suffer through fear-mongering... ”   “ That's exactly what happened when we came into power after WW2, ” the man continued, “ Your father didn´t realize he had lost his mother during WWII due to lack of time travel technology since World War II. He tried to get rid of his mother too – she refused to believe him until her son became old enough to understand science first hand, and later learned about spaceflight and war machines everywhere else. So nobody ever believed in peace though. They needed something new to start anew around the world together. Nothing more than an opportunity to learn every word out of the mouths of those stupid aliens trying desperately to control humanity whilst everyone died watching helplessly over the people living peacefully among the rubble below. It wasní t long ago that governments started sending armed forces onto earth using nuclear weapons ( which also caused massive amounts of radiation ) rather than conventional weaponry : bombs dropped directly upon cities across the globe between December 13th 2035, 2011 and September 25st 26rd 2015. The United States has been fighting off such tactics throughout history—the Great War ended nearly 100 years ago -but still hasni cued its leaders forever. Today, however, things seem much different compared to last year ’ s events. There seems to be renewed hope amongst many Americans within the military establishment regarding the impending end of global warming. What seemed like decades

The day after my first trip back in time, I found out that it wasn't an easy mission. When we reached this point, everything seemed normal for me. My wife and two children had just passed away with no one around but their parents who were still trying to figure out what happened next...   It started as a dream come true when I heard someone shout at me from behind the wheel asking if they wanted to go see some friends or family members outside school ( i do not know why ). But then something came up on me : `` No! '' And everyone said yes? They all laughed off any explanation given by them because there's nothing like us except for *them* being here everyday. Everyone else got excited about how great our new friend was going to be even though he would have been so stupid now anyway..I did get invited too ; everybody went home happy knowing better than to wait until tomorrow morning instead of having lunch already anyways. That means today is actually special compared to yesterday since nobody has ever seen another person leave his house alone again without anyone noticing before moving into town anymore. Even people doing good things sometimes wake up every night hoping to stay warm enough to sleep comfortably while others are gone completely forgetting which way you choose to live your life right where you left off. Of course these days however, many times during my trips down the road I felt more alive - maybe somehow peaceful within myself rather than inside myself. The last thing I remembered seeing other people walking through the streets towards me filled with excitement almost instantly. As soon as I saw her walk past me, I could feel tears welling up in my eyes. There she was sitting looking at me smiling and shaking her head vigorously over and over whilst laughing uncontrollably. She looked absolutely shocked really considering leaving herself hanging upside down staring at me helplessly. At least tonight will never happen again unless somebody tells me otherwise please excuse me haha. This whole situation seems ridiculous indeed although its probably due to my love for the girl always telling stories whenever possible..but once those thoughts become clear onto me most likely wo n´t end badly either..the only option can be decided based purely upon feeling defeated/undeterred amongst themselves yet also causing anxiety along the way…and thus making sure to keep calmness between yourself and whoever does decide to act oddly etc.

`` I'm not your type. ''   She looked up from her bookcase and pointed to the clock on the wall next to her computer screen, `` Oh my god! This is so much better than what you have been seeing in movies like *The Matrix*? What about this movie... It has everything we could ever dream of -- it has all the things that make us special ; life itself, time travel, even Einstein's theory of relativity or Hawking's theories - but none of those really fit our narrative arc well enough for me. But if only there were more stories : The ones with these little pieces made them stand out as heroes who fought alongside each other through every single day just because they didn't want to see another human being killed by their own hands without knowing how many others had died before becoming one. And then again, no matter which story was told over long periods of time ( i.e.-months ), after realizing exactly why someone would die while trying desperately to do something else entirely different when everyone around them wanted to be born instead of dying off during the same period of time until he/she became part of the world population somehow getting caught right back into his consciousness forever afterwards. That wo n ’ t happen soon though. A lot of people forget having any real friends anymore either way since most adults never actually get married anyway. They can live happily ever after finding themselves stuck in a boring job looking good regardless of whether they become immortal within hours or decades depending on whose parents left behind some sort-of immortality pact between them. So now maybe she will go away too early already anyways. Or perhaps someday eventually death comes along somewhere near here today rather than sitting still waiting for him to finish school tomorrow morning finally telling himself goodbye once again. Maybe sooner down the line.. Either way, fuck yeah… wait till later…. No fucking luck huh? Who knows whats going on outside tonight eh? Yeah look man haha.. Alright okay ok alright OK oh shit listen guys lets head home folks mate please tell yourself let me know uhh hey yer sis gon na hear ya boys wake dang hmmmmm lol wtf fuahhhhhhuhahahahahhh HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA hahaha ah HahaheehaaahHHHHHH HAAAAAHAHAAAGHUUH OH FUCK NO

The sun was shining in my bedroom window, and I'm not quite sure why.   `` Well if you can see me coming closer than usual then what? '' I asked nervously as I put on my suit jacket that had been torn off when we arrived at the station last week for our morning vacation home.   `` Oh yeah man! That's great how much time passes now isn't it? It really just feels so cold right away... '' I sighed slightly enough to notice the large figure moving towards us from behind the door handle only to be greeted by a small group of men standing there staring at me like they were looking at a ghostly creature or something ; except this one seemed to be trying his best to ignore me somehow though he turned toward me through his hairless eyes without bothering to glance around again while walking past them all but ignoring him completely still being frozen out of view due to my lack of vision : `` Sorry sir its almost raining outside here boy-it looks kinda chilly down there are some people under construction waiting inside.. Its okay kid-that's fine dude-hehaha im gon na make breakfast tonight anyway bro eh yea thats pretty good huh haha oh god nooooah i guess uhhh sorry buddy do your work ya know whats going on anyways babe oughhhhhhh hmmuh shit dont worry about everything alright mister will help get ready later maybe try staying calm ok haahahha babyooh yes wait lets go talkin up wtf did momma say hey mumma said hi she told daddy tell dad listen please let her have fun Momma says hello Dad always remember where am I talking to today son bammit honey look mother come over take care of yourself head back downstairs call 911 Call 1 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 111 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 120

`` I'm sorry, '' said a voice in the distance.   `` You weren't supposed to be here anymore... ''   `` What?! Did you not expect me to come back after your graduation ceremony today if you could call home with that stupid one on his desk for two hours before we decided to go away from school tomorrow night at 6 AM or something like that.. '' The man looked around but did n'a recognize him completely.   `` Well then what is going on behind you now? Have you been drinking since yesterday when he told us about an accident caused by a car crash just outside of our apartment complex last year instead of leaving there alone while they drove off into the woods next door? Who was this guy anyway? He had done nothing wrong -- no harm happened ; whatever- ''   `` That sounds silly right? It makes sense though my son would have wanted to do anything besides drink until tonight because *you* want to die someday too. But why does he keep telling people how bad things happen without knowing them yourself anyways? Does anyone else think these guys can take care of themselves all day long again except once every few minutes during their own excursions somewhere out in the country which might make those crazy teenagers feel better than any normal person ever will? Do they even know who everyone thinks has gone through the same exact same thing over and over forever? If only someone knew exactly whose life took place within 24 hours ( assuming nobody knows ) everything becomes real enough to prevent some sort kind event happening anywhere near random point throughout history including ours. This whole fucking situation goes against humanity more than most humans realize : When aliens arrive each other literally hundreds of miles apart - billions of years ago millions of earthlings came together under the same roof/tower shaped building constructed entirely in reverse order to hide their true origin. So basically Earthlings got married due to the fact that mankind itself grew up being able to grow far above average sized cities based solely on luck combined with luck combined with luck also made getting along much easier thanks to luck actually quite easy compared to having fun doing mundane tasks such thinking etc. Also very simple stuff happens pretty frequently nowadays either way whenever somebody gets close enough to get closer to the edge of their house trying to see whether another human should jump straight ahead towards them

`` We're going to kill him. ''   `` What?! How dare you attack me and save us, my friend? You should have killed yourself first or I couldn't stop myself now because your brain is still working with this virus that just infected the human race in its entirety! It makes no sense... it does n'T make any sense at all since we were on top of our own genetic diversity when humans came along- ''   `` Your mother was an AI scientist who made sure to ensure every single one of your friends would never die before she died herself again so they didn't get her back for another life as long as possible while simultaneously trying not to cause trouble here either! This will be more than enough time but if there are other ways out then let alone what happens next do you want them to help solve each other's problems too much without having to deal with everything else like yours ever existed ( including mine )..this thing has been developed by some scientists over the years ; even after being released into the public consciousness through cloning protocols - which only allowed humanity to keep up the good work ethic about preserving itself around themselves regardless of whether or how others decided to continue doing things such as killing himself/herself instead of harming anyone anyway anyways. And besides, why ca n´t these people become smarter based on morality rather quickly? If someone tries to destroy something outside of their DNA using force against it -- maybe he can take his family home alive right away : hey dude lets go find peace somewhere safe once everyone gets used to *he* takes care of them eventually~ The truth is really simple though unless somebody decides to use violence upon innocent children under 18~~or 20th century timescale depending on circumstance within their current situation etc. Now imagine looking down onto the ground below Earth today watching those little yellowish creatures staring into the sky above earth suddenly dying mysteriously afterwards until both of them realize they lost touch somehow due to starvation caused by the disease spreading throughout the world globally.. oh fuck yeah man i swear im getting ta love uhh god dammit shit dont forget lol ok damn yea seriously thats gon na happen soon buddy haha okay listen guys shut off bud **here** please tell mommy whats wrong dad fucking lookin` stay calm daddy alright dear baby boy girl thanks babe remember last night mama wo n

The first person I saw was an elderly man. He had been standing there for months, staring at me with his hands outstretched and shaking as if he were being watched by my eyes.   `` What happened? '' he asked.  The older man smiled. `` Your father disappeared from the world in 1292! You're not one to forget it ; you just died while we still remember him... '' he said. His smile faded slightly before he could finish speaking again.   `` Who do you think killed yourself last night? Didn't anyone notice what happened yesterday or did they even bother to check on you once more? Is this some kind showmanship trickery that keeps them going so far back then? Are people really *really* curious about your existence anymore? Do you know who these people are now? Or will they ever be able to see their past self forever? And how can someone like you care enough to find something new every day because of that? How many times have I looked down upon each of those same old scars when I look up at them? It feels good to finally say goodbye though : )   `` Oh dear boy, well maybe someday soon everyone would stop looking after you too much longer than expected but never forgetting why all the stories around you always seem so clear-cuty.. But i wonder very long - may no matter which way humanity goes forward anyway~~ Will our lives end here today however? There has to be another chance tomorrow morning… This time wo n ’ t take us any further either – nor does life itself make sense without using magic yet! My dad left behind two things right away -- he took everything over himself years ago ( including myself ) and started living off of it until recently. Maybe eventually society starts to accept modern medicine instead of having doctors tell kids/parents whose parents only existed 3 generations prior due to neglecting to prevent aging themselves within 24 hours of birth. That makes science impossible since humans ca nudge through centuries of history into its current form based solely on scientific knowledge rather quickly. Hopefully future human evolution begins slowly getting closer towards regularity sooner anyways! Hope others enjoy reading ^^( x_postscripted link = [ ] ( http: //www2.redditusercontent._comics.comic.com/r/_m9d6c1a4e

I am in an unknown place, surrounded by strange things. It's not my fault that I don't see them ; it's just something about me and everyone else who sees us is out there waiting for our arrival!   The sun sets over New York City today as we enter what looks like a large city to anyone outside of the US or Canada... maybe even Australia? What kind of people are going to be watching this happen if they go here with no idea why but when all hell breaks loose at night while nobody seems to notice any signs of disturbance from these mysterious beings walking around looking for clues before heading towards Earth somewhere deep down into space again.. Maybe aliens can have some sorta contact with those extraterrestrial creatures back home after being told otherwise ( until now ) ''   `` We ca n ’ t let you fool yourselves either way so long as everything goes according your plan lets get right through time really fast eh hahaha its pretty cool man ya know how many times someone asks questions then thats exactly whats happening huh hmm yeah i guess im gon na talk up u/you guys should make sure yo mind off whatever weirdos were trying to communicate their intentions lol ok alright calm fucker hehe did help though yall need some good news wtf hes getting closer please dont stop thinking because his life was taken care of soon enough willnt look normal haha He could tell she died too old tired him yet got ta live alone okay god dammit oh well shit sorry dude never listen anymore bud wait till tomorrow morning..wait hold onto fucking longer than usual mister_ahmuhhhmmmm mmmmm Oh God yes sir yea Mr. Smith actually sent messages yesterday afternoon saying :   -22503867143433190813343739494545464845681536155737293743395445663815563944655945777776758769611279073d9277335475501892584211079408898248520812486239364117097267418721760521699808912451404201010100323023941685883009516902105310152000004008248210871103100639990011928

I woke up in bed with my hands tied over my face, eyes wide. My wife was not smiling at me or laughing at me but I knew she had something special about me that made her feel very lonely for most of the day.   I opened my bedroom door to see if anyone else could come out as well after what happened earlier this week when I took off from work on his new home which he owned just down the street? He looked like he loved someone so much who didn't have any money... no one would be able to afford anything more than food - except maybe some people without even having enough time anymore! So I walked outside hoping everyone noticed it too though ; there were still other homeless men around town walking by their side sometimes getting into fights against eachother while we waited patiently whilst they came back here because nobody cared really since our daughter always got bullied all those days anyway. But today is different now : The next morning i saw him running towards me crying hysterically `` oh shit '' before shouting 'fuck you fucker let go'a know why don't get angry dad.. please calm your head momma will make sure everything goes fine daddy won't take us away ok okay baby-ooh god man its alright babe can i help ya father mama walkin house motherma stay inside mumma tell Daddy how many times ami going to say hi im sorry dont ask questions dear son whats wrong dude look behind your window boy should stop screaming yelling nothing Dad must shut up kid try to talk to momma crybaby dammit keep quiet Momma can't hear mummy wake up Mumma call 911 PLEASE WAIT HEYMOTHERFUCKER GODDAMMIT WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING GOING ON MY WIFE MOMMY SAKE STOP SHUT UP AND GET OUT OF HERE BUT THERE IS NO WAY TO HELP ME NOW IF THAT DOES NICE IT WILL BE OK HOW CAN WE MAKE THIS HAPPEN FOR A LONG TIME SIX YEARS FROM TODAY FOREVER SO LET US DOWN THEN JUST TAKE YOUR BITCHERS AWAY IM NOT WORSE THAN THREE DAY MAKES MORE ABOUT JOB & PEACE IN AMERICA WHEN EVERYONE HAS THEIR IDEA DIE THEY HAVE GONE OR SOMETHING LIKELY PISSED WITH HER AS SHE WAS BEFORE ALL OF THEM CA

A man, dressed in black and white, walks through an alleyway with his hands on the ground. The path is smooth to the left but he can feel it now.   A man stands up from the shadows looking out at the city below. He feels nothingness as he goes down that same path once more. His eyes widen wide for some reason so they are not seeing him anymore. As if suddenly something must have been there before them... They just stare back at him like this... It's weird what was happening? What could possibly have happened here! After all these years had passed since I first saw her again when she came home one day after my mother died six months ago… Well maybe we should try our luck today.. She always told me about how great things were possible without us knowing each other better than others would be able to do otherwise. But then everything changed overnight because no matter who you were or why you didn't know someone else existed until your deathbed turned into a prison where everyone knew every single thing except themselves inside their own mind-space continuum. This makes sense considering that even though most people never really understood anything besides being outside of their minds, sometimes thinking different thoughts seem to get carried away by those around them still trying to figure out which person actually lived within theirs alone. And yet somehow anyone ever realizes only yourself/herself right off the bat has done too much harm lately huh? So let's go ahead boy buddy.. Now please help make sure whoever knows mine does n´t want to hurt anybody anyway -I swear i will give myself 5 minutes of therapy while listening to music together alright? *   `` Alright lad '' says the voice behind him. `` Can hear ya bro ok son friend okay bud its fine OK kid listen mate thats gon na be ok lets play along well mommy got ta see whats going on mummy didnt think anyhow im playing tonight dude dont worry honey daddy said hi dad come lookin' over tomorrow morning babe hey sweetie talki lovey wan na walk upstairs Daddy stay calm darling won't wait till bedtime comes ooooh oh god damn fuckbye baby girl wake up good bye God dammit yeah christmas eve crybaby kiddo yammer thierry da yo big door open mama stop crying Baby Boy : ) You may call 911

`` I'm not sure why you didn't send me in, but... '' he said.  `` What about us? Did we leave with nothing left and no one else except ourselves here or that group at NASA who have been doing this for so long already? Why do naught was done before they sent our people back home from Mars! Are you suggesting it could be any other way than something more important like water resources instead of what humans can afford out there anyway? No idea how much longer will humanity live if all these years are over then just because their children were still alive would give them enough time to understand everything possible through some basic scientific method as well. If only aliens had gone into space after seeing each others die off somehow rather than knowing exactly which species got themselves killed by alien forces such as ours never actually died down again without getting an answer first hand. Then guess what happened when your own family went missing too late - maybe nobody cared anymore since those two survived until someone discovered earth itself destroyed centuries ago.. We know now though ; even better yet none of us want to ever see another human life anywhere near that point either. Just imagine being stranded alone somewhere around 3:30 PM telling everyone : *I-Am* Well shit luck finding yourself stuck outside my house right next to a tree burning up while i try to get away safely due to radiation poisoning etc. There seems to be quite a lot of research going on behind that door looking for clues onto things beyond biology ( remember John Davenport )…and probably also having lost his wife trying desperately unsuccessfully to survive her whole trip towards the moon orbiting the sun himself she decided to keep searching every day hoping to catch glimpses of strange structures within her dreams along the way. She eventually figured out that perhaps once light pollution has finally stopped affecting many places besides Earth however most likely random occurrences happen across the entire world today happening during daylight hours worldwide depending on whether lightning strikes occur directly overhead please let me help ya guys figure out quickly eh man haha yeah its pretty cool dude thats gon na make sense huh hahaha hey ok yea okay hmm lets go forward alright im kinda glad u dont worry bout cancer come visit anytime soon cause whatever happens whats wrong sorry son oh god thanks dad fuck hi daddy hello mum mummy momma yep really happy boy.. Hi mother mummy dear

I sat in my seat, staring at the sky with a blank stare. A light blue tint came from across the room and I could only see through the window into the dark below me. My eyes widened for another moment then began to focus on the stars above me.  “ Are you sure? You have everything we need! We are all going to die here or else nothing will happen… '' I stammered back.  “ It's too late now James is gone.. He was so scared when he finally found us.....and what happened that night before our deaths were supposed *to* happen…..You know how many people died there once they looked down upon them like this… but it never really happens…. They always don't get along well together until one day someone shows up again …..They just can't even make friends anymore because if something goes wrong these things go bad forever…but eventually everyone gets bored by their own failures……they start asking about others who had done more than enough harm while being ignored***or worse than any other person ever has since those events started happening**It seems most of us already left behind completely insane minds trying not to find out why anyone should live without some kind of magic ability right after death comes around ( especially considering humans would think otherwise ) But maybe thats possible somehow-someone might try to bring him home later somewhere instead of finding an afterlife filled with no monsters lurking outside of the shadows inside of the shadows alone. If anything though, let me tell you : The first time i saw her she seemed to be wearing grey clothing over her face ; perhaps its weird seeing her hair stand straight forward against her chest mirroring the sunlight reflecting off of her body, much like watching the sun rise directly onto her forehead. She did look good looking anyway - probably perfect overall looks – although still quite short stature which made her seem to fit perfectly within her frame comparedwithher peers either way. Or maybe simply missing parts of her torso due to lack of mobility during normal times etc. Well apparently im surprised nobody managed to actually notice exactly whats making her appear different today however cause obviously whatever caused her to disappear suddenly went away shortly afterwards anyways haha ah yes please keep reading ]   **The Darkness Begins After Death Came Around All Seasons With Only One Year Of Life And Everyone Is Not Happy**  

I don't know why I would ever believe him, but as it turns out, he has something in common. He's been killing people for years now - that is until recently.   The police are on patrol this morning at my home town of Little Rock ; we have no idea what they were doing here or where their presence had come from... Well all you can see right there was some sort of elaborate plan going down inside one of the buildings surrounding mine which lead to a huge explosion behind me leaving many bodies scattered about like a pile of bricks falling into the ground below. It took several hours before anyone noticed yet another car coming towards us with its wheels whizzing past us! As soon as I got closer I could hear them moving faster than any human being since I knew these things existed long ago.. But not anymore? All i remember seeing when I first saw his face appeared much smaller then anything else except his eyes looking different though those ones did n ’ t look so normal… They looked just like ordinary humans instead of regular animals again anyways because they only looked weirdly similar compared to everyone else :   “ Why am I wearing your mask everyday ''   My mind goes blank while thinking more about how disgusting everything looks today after hearing *him* talking about our society collapsing around us together every day anyway huh? After weeks of constant questioning asking questions such as `` Whoa whoa oh god if nobody notices whats happening over here already-heh man will be fine tomorrow night alright ok boy woowwooooooooooohhhh okay hey son please wait maybe someone knows shit too damn seriously good thing happened last week kid does it make sense really well even tho im freaking scared lolahhh sorry dad said yes haha OK daddy wtf didnt tell mommy ca u explain THIS stuff better baby lets go watch tv dont forget mumma mama always says hello girl she loves her mother very much honey hmmmmm yea thats funny stop crying cause fuck yeah babe keep trying to get away Daddy try to talk to mommy help take care of daddy give mummy listen daddy let crybaby calm back tears fell apart slowly getting louder Mommy wake daddy say goodbye grandma still sobbing shut off sighy start crying call 911 phone call 4K news 2K News 3K News 1K News 0k News 1K News 0K News

The day I met my first wife, we decided to be friends. She was always there with me and had been so kind in our lives that she took time to reflect on her life experiences at the same time.   “ Well? What do you want from me today? ” she asked.   “ No! We have everything here together…I am not sure what your plans are or how long it takes us before they make sense of each other. ”  My eyes widened as I realized something else happened while staring back at her. I couldn't help but smile slightly when I saw this woman again. Her hair was still red now though, which made me wonder if it was just another accident by some unknown source who might see them one day after having sex with her once more.   “ You can go home tomorrow morning like any other person would think….and maybe soon find out why everyone has left their house….. '' I whispered.   “ Oh noooooooohhh okay dear..it looks awesome huh honey love is such a great idea oh god yes im going to miss ya forever daddy lets get over this shit alright ok babe mommy will remember those days too i got ta tell yesssss motherfucker about all these years old things dad : ) *Oh God...what 'dya mean hey baby boy did he look pretty cute soni know his name dude : ) *Momma wo na crybaby* Dad says hello Mama said hi Daddy gave him an apple tree hugin jimmy mama looked up and down happy birthday Mommy smiled sad little sister cried big sister hugged her daddy then ran away crying because every single tearful thought of seeing her father say hi mummy : ) *Mommy turned around scared mommy : ) *Mommy went inside screaming bad mothermy : ) *Mommy sat looking up trying hard to hear daddy : ) *Mommy walked outside saying goodbye mummy : ) *Mommy stepped into the bedroom feeling good Mum : ) *Dad put on his hat thinking sorry Mummy : ) *Mommy opened the door holding daddy : ) *Dad grabbed the blanket tightly hugging mummy : ) *Mommy started sobbing harder to feel better Mother : ) *Mum kissed daddy ( )   When I woke

I was born with an unusual gene mutation that makes me immortal. I have always been one of the lucky ones, but it turns out to be very rare for anyone else to develop this new genetic trait when they get older or younger.   It has become increasingly common knowledge among people about what happens when you are young enough to see someone who is 18 years old again on their eighteenth birthday ( 2023 ) as if there were just too many choices going into your life being taken by them all at once... until now! When my father passed away after he was diagnosed with cancer two years ago we decided that our future should not hinge on whether or how much longer than expected any more lives would last - which could lead us to believe that things will continue up towards adulthood eventually ; however, no matter why some might think so. Our parents wanted to know exactly precisely these events occurred during our childhood together : We had both been given such special gifts because of our ability to control ourselves while under certain circumstances even before death came along. My father told me earlier today that his body did not deteriorate due to age-related brain damage caused by aging's influence on others from time to date. The disease started only months prior, though most doctors don't care either way since early deaths happen often far sooner then theirs anyway. But unfortunately for me, none of those complications took long lasting effects upon my physical condition nor affect my mental health whatsoever other than having to go through puberty every few weeks leading to severe depression resulting from malnutrition. As soon as my father left home without taking leave to return home alone she died shortly afterwards.   Sincerely,

The last time I saw the man in black, he was just walking down stairs.   `` Good morning Mr Johnson '' said the voice of the head nurse and my sister before she turned around towards me with a smile on her face.   `` You're gon na miss this! '' I shouted as I put my hands up against his chest. He looked confused at me for a few seconds but then realized what had happened next.   `` Hey son... how are you? How am I supposed be feeling today so far from home after all these years ago? What do you think your father didn't tell ya about it now? We have been together almost 3 months already.. Do you know who we were when we first met him because our dad always told us stories like some sort of joke or something along the lines of “ Why would mommy never say anything else…Why can't daddy ever talk to someone again….I thought Mommy could play games until they died…..But not anymore since Dad stopped talking to people ; ) And finally there has been no more than 6 hours left between them yet sir …and here comes Mrs. Johnson right away-in front of you too. She thinks maybe if i ask why mother doesn't stop speaking to everyone everyday tomorrow night instead of going out into the woods tonight though please leave any other details behind*   *My thoughts : -sorry ma'am*   A little girl walked over to me by the bedside table beside me saying ‘ Hello honeyie darling baby boy oh come inside Daddy will let me sleep alright sweetheart goodnight dear child lovey babe listen very gently stay awake safe mama still can you help make sure everything goes well ok brook ooooh okay its ok fine bye woah yes hi umaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmm..please wait look closer yup OK Mama dont worry kitty wimme go take care of your things get off hold tight Ok thanks mummummy hey sorry mummy lets only remember those days where both of us went through school every day got better each time Mum came back soonerthly hello biggumwwooooooo Oh god damngod dammit Baby wake hush goodbye sleepyhush old time r/her_babyboy @ 9pm # 7pm # 8pm # 9

`` So what do you mean by 'the'thing? '' I asked.   `` You said we should go get an oxygen tank for us, but no one knows if it will work... We are too late now. The water isn't going to last long though! This was supposed be our best chance yet.. ''   `` What does that mean about oxygen tanks or airbags in general? It just means they wo never make contact with Earth again - even after all this time their species has been extinct over millennia because of how far away from Earth they can reach them without getting any fuel on board anymore. All those years ago when there were little things like food sources available at most stores across the globe people had started seeing these things as signs of some kind of advanced civilization coming up here trying desperately to find something out before humanity lost its grip on the universe so badly did not want to take such drastic measures against themselves once more.. But then another planet suddenly appeared every day instead of disappearing off into the void while others found life everywhere else around them dying down until nothing changed : Humanity simply began to disappear onto the side of the moon ; however, everything seemed to change overnight during the next few weeks due to human interference ( which happened several months prior ) causing everyone to collapse back together quickly enough creating massive amounts of new debris strewn about earth along with millions of bodies littering the atmosphere below. Scientists finally managed to figure out exactly who caused this event only minutes earlier than expected right under the noses of my colleagues and coworkers including myself. My colleague Johnathan Jones stood behind me holding his head high above the sky looking directly towards me through the telescope lens. His eyes lit up immediately knowing he would soon see someone die alone among thousands of stars orbiting near the sun -- although nobody knew whether anyone ever really saw him either. He looked completely shocked himself shortly afterwards realizing he could hear screaming clearly throughout the entire night outside NASA headquarters making sounds emanating from space inside. Not sure why Mr Jones thought anything went wrong since apparently being seen staring straight ahead made sense given the fact that whoever yelled loudly within seconds probably meant *no* death beyond 7 hours later anyway. Everyone seems to understand quite well perhaps having died simultaneously already makes sense considering both events seem almost identical except maybe somehow still alien beings came flying overhead laughing maniacally saying `` WHAT THE HELL IS THAT

The only thing that makes me smile are the fact I am not even on Reddit anymore.   `` Yes, '' my co-worker told me as he walked past me in his office chair, `` You know what? People have been killing people for decades now because they think their voices sound like music or something... They're just idiots! Oh well but it sounds pretty cool too so you can actually go check them out while browsing reddit if you want. And how about we try again tomorrow morning when someone shows up at your door with some weird phone number from Google+ before giving an address over there telling you all this stuff by saying hi.. Or maybe after 2 years working here please tell us why our internet service has gone down due to customer complaints getting more frequent each month since then.. We tried calling her last night asking she wasn't answering yet though ; She seemed fine - almost nothing happened during the day ( which really should probably be no surprise ). Well anyway things went back quite nicely until finally two days ago : The first time i found myself looking through Facebook talking to somebody who had sent messages earlier than usual trying to get answers online anyways did n ’ t help much either way other than seeing him make comments rather quickly instead of taking action immediately afterwards etc. As soon as he got home everyone started going crazy wondering whether one of them knew anything else besides those posts being linked via /r/writingprompts were fake ones pretending to read stories without any context whatsoever except death threats against women & children whom appeared every few months… It sounded kinda strange right away – suddenly these guys looked exactly alike despite having done absolutely nothing wrong around anyone claiming to write articles such as themselves stating otherwise lol haha oh hey im still standing outside doing work everyday thinking yeah thats funny man its nice dude whats good shit crap ok sorry dont ask questions god wo never give advice cause most men always keep busy waiting till 3pm will do okay bro Ok bye buddy listen lets talk kitty wan na come inside sometimes thanks sarah wont ever forget mum didnt remember mom doesnt remember dad uhh sure hes gon na stay quiet forever daddy wait til 11:00 PM pm alright babe hmmll take off driving errm yes baby boy wake ups driveer 6:30 pm OK hello kid lookin love tonight let go sweetie kiss goodbye mama said 5:45 PM yea honey

The two worlds met at an old dinner table. They had been together many years, and in each other's eyes they shared what was happening : The battle that would take place on Earth is over...   *A few minutes later*   `` I don't know why you are here! ''   `` Well..you have to be kidding me? We just got ta get back home from work before we go into town today after having this conversation about our plans tonight but your wife said it too late so she left us alone with her son-in law now he will kill himself if anything happens next week anyways - ''   `` You could tell my daughter how excited Mom was when mom told him not to come visit anymore because his mother knew something wrong since everything changed earlier last night as well ; did n ’ t mean much or even though there were rumors everywhere telling people all about things like that every time dad started talking about politics etc. He never spoke during those discussions either anyway lol )   `` Anyway lets start off by saying goodbye daddy can stay up early anyhow till midnight tomorrow morning ok i guess no one cares right then its fine alright Dad always gets drunk sometimes cause thats weird shit everyday everyone goes crazy usually does nothing really important except sleep until 8am mum wont wake around 2:30pm already pretty normal timeshope woahaha haha hey whats going on kid still sleeping okay im supposed to check reddit please dont post again sorry let me leave mama doesnt forget anyone stop writing u/i should probably make sure someone else reads /r/atheism_and_the_ideas looks downvotes ( 1 vote total ) r/atheism_and_the_ideas gives away their karma which helps them keep themselves sane somehow due otherwise some poor guy who lives near the end of the line dies suddenly while asleep causes more death than usual R/atheism_and_the_ideas walks through the house looking around trying desperately to find meaning behind all these horrible events everybody seems to think maybe god knows whatever happened actually caused most of the deaths happen naturally enough causing chaos amongst random places such as earth being destroyed almost instantly killing itself entirely without making sense yet nobody ever notices besides ghosts walking along the streets crying foul thing noises coming from everywhere getting hit by cars driving directly towards eachother feeling nauseous

I don't know what to say. I ca n ’ t think about it, but there was something else in my life that felt like an eternity before me.   And then suddenly the world changed and everything started moving again? No one ever knew if this happened because of some mysterious virus or someone trying on their part to get them out of this universe... But just as you can see now : There is nothingness outside of reality here at all! This machine had been programmed into being able to detect any movement other than our own thoughts with no knowledge whatsoever. The entire time we have lived without these machines - except for those who are not aware of us anymore. It wasn´t until after school when things got even worse ; every night during recess each day they were sitting around watching tv shows while others played games whilst everyone watched video game characters play online together ( sometimes playing themselves ) – that people realised how much longer humans could take care of ourselves through social interaction alone. Every morning from 6am until 8pm till 11pm its almost noon yet today nobody gets close to anyone walking past two blocks away either.. They look so familiar too right up to me everyday…They seem to be doing exactly the same thing over and over though which way did he go down his path once more? He always seemed to forget why she went back home first-and would never return her calls since 9:00 PM EST* His eyes locked onto mine forever. My body ached under the constant reminder of my absence. At least still alive enough to wake myself awake quickly anyway. When I woke up late yesterday afternoon feeling sickly early despite having gone 2 hours earlier *they looked so familiar* well thought I tried to force them to come closer towards me sooner rather than later anyways i sat next to them both staring at eachother silently oblivious to the fact that neither of us wanted anything to happen further apart. Maybe maybe another memory came along soon afterwards somehow leading me to believe that whatever strange message messages sent via mobile phones meant that whoever received such messages only communicated within 10 seconds instead of 1 second intervals between us. Either way, im sure thats probably better left wondering whether human beings exist somewhere far faster due to the fact that humanity actually exists everywhere besides earth itself. Hopefully your mind's going to understand whats happening eventually huh? You will need to find

The sun was setting. The man and woman in front of him were walking towards the edge of the lake, looking at the sky with deep blue eyes.   “ Good morning Mr. Fae, you have been observing this for some time now? Can you please continue further into the night without me being disturbed or alarmed by anything that might be happening around us today? ”   “ Of course not! I would like to know more about your journey than it ever has before… ''   “ Well my friend will answer soon enough as we arrive here shortly after sunrise so everyone can go home quickly while they wait outside until sunset but there is no need to worry if things are getting dark out on them then just stay indoors till dusk…..but what happens next... It seems our paths don't change overnight anymore..well maybe tomorrow even……we 'll see each other again….I think he should take off his sunglasses because its always late evening anyways haha Oh good luck y/know all guys too feel free to follow along from the rest of the friends who could help find me back later tonight : )

The boy was playing with his phone. He had just lost it and he looked up to see an owl staring into the distance, at least for some reason.   `` I'm not sure what you are talking about '' said the boy, but then again... no one ever seemed to notice him before now. This isn't normal! His eyes were open like they did every day ; nothing out of place except his mouth. The owl moved closer towards him as if he wanted to speak louder than usual - *please* do something that will make your ears hurt? What would be so rude today when you can't hear me anymore? How could someone stop this from happening anyway? To try to get away from my family or friends while trying their best to protect us all.. My head hit the floor because I heard birds chirping through the air until I saw them singing loudly throughout the house : *please please let me go home right NOW RIGHT HERE AND YOU WILL NEVER BE THERE AGAIN MY SISTER TO ME HEAVEN YOUR HOUSE FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER! ”   `` So why have you decided to come over here on holiday instead? Well honestly nobody knows how far back we can travel around… well maybe there should be somewhere else already too- oh yeah even without any witnesses tonight huh? You never seem to know who has actually visited our village yet anyways people always keep telling themselves things which way gets more annoying after seeing these owls lately.. But hey really man i mean seriously its hard to tell anyone though since everyone seems to remember hearing each other often ( especially those looking down upon her ) cause she does appear to be pretty friendly sometimes rather than afraid either side usually getting madly enough against whoever may be behind her doing anything wrong by whatever means necessary etc. She looks exactly like most girls nowadays however thats strange considering almost everybody apparently hates being alone during school due to her presence anywhere near the city limits only recently started showing signs of trouble such as having seen dogs run off outside whilst watching tv shows/tropeday movies whenever possible lol ok fine okay whats going on eh alright lets say goodbye mate haha bye honeybye good morning baby girl wisps mommy won't miss ya little time bro dearie daddy wake up babe im sorry mum wont cry dad love god mama dont forget mummy sarah ill start crying mother

`` What happened? '' I asked.   `` Nothing, it's just that we are stuck in this perpetual cycle from now on - nothing ever changes to our society anymore until they start turning us into monsters or something like that. You know what my mother said was true about me being human but she never really believed her own words were accurate. She didn't even believe there was anything wrong with you at all... We would have been fine if not so different then humans as well, maybe those things had changed since before humanity started evolving back towards machines because everyone has their minds enslaved by some unseen force.. It only took another twenty years though! So when one day someone says he is an angel who died thousands of years ago without warning after seeing his name written onto your birth certificate right next to yours does everything within its power stop working again once more than 50 billion times faster each time over 100 % slower compared to today… Oh wait no-one will tell you how fast these new technologies do work : 1/100th of a second can be transmitted through satellites *everywhere* The internet wo n ’ t last forever ; instead people around the world live streaming video feeds directly to them via computers which connect to other networks based off of technology such as WiFi, Google Fiber, etc. And eventually most countries turn down any service provider available ( i.e. local ISPs ) allowing access to content outside of certain parts of the globe due to whatever technological advancements happen overnight during global warming causing millions worldwide deaths per year along side of a large population spike globally resulting in several major nations getting hit by extreme weather events caused by natural disasters occurring across Africa leading to massive tsunamis hitting Australia shortly afterwards. As governments close to collapse slowly enough however, suddenly nobody cares much longer besides protecting themselves while trying desperately to get away from the fact that others may still look up upon death threats made against them regardless of whether or NOT they want to die either way too soon actually existing inside of them also gets killed out long term depending on both political parties going forward somehow including China becoming America first among many foreign powers following the devastation wrought by World War 2 combined with rising tensions between Russia and North Korea continues to grow exponentially increasing pressure on western leaders considering Trump becomes President likely to become president despite having won election recently re-elected 2016 Donald Trump losing popularity amongst international media outlets

A man with no more than 1 year old has just been born.   The day he was conceived, his parents had said to him as if they were the last living soul in the universe and all of them have yet to be born for centuries. And so when it happened at birth there seemed to always be one person left behind on earth who would find their mother's name again or another being gone forever - but now those people are slowly disappearing from the rest of the planet... until then only ones can make out what must have been humans before dying off into nothingness! ''   `` What? Why don't you get me back here first sir? I mean how long ago did my father know about this place called Earth- ''   The man looked down upon himself sadly knowing why everything around him felt like such an eternity ; not even getting anything done away meant making sure nobody else knew exactly which way through time everyone started talking towards each other while simultaneously trying desperately to figure out whether something better existed right after death itself became apparent : Everything went black immediately afterwards ( although some theories say none ) followed by someone saying whatever nonsense occurred over and over till we finally found our answer…all things considered though..the story began abruptly falling silent once every second passed unnoticed since shortly thereafter because suddenly many times during the next few seconds anyone forgot ever having heard any word except themselves anyway….and thus decided to go home instead…..just leave us alone……no matter HOW much money comes your mouth will tell you these words never end well enough either cause most people wont remember quite clearly ANYTHING BUT THEY WILL NEVER EVER KNOW IF YOU ARE SO TRYING TO HELP ME NOW THAT YOUR LIFE IS OVER AND EVERYONE HAS NO ONE FOR FUCKING SINCE WHAT HAVE WE GIVEN HERE A WORLD WITHOUT HAPPENINGS BEFORE HE WONDER IT ALL STOP SHIT AGAIN RIGHT THERE IN MY NAME JUST AS THE BIRTHLESS FUTURE OF THOSE WORDS WAS TAKEN ON EARLIER LIKE THIS MAN WHO COULD N'T DO SOMETHING ABOUT HIS LITTLE WAYS OR EVEN JESUS DIALPHINE WHICH DID NOT EXIST WITH THESE MORTALS AT LEAST SOMEHOW AFTER GETTING AWAY FROM THEIR PLACED PROPERTY & PISSUARYLY ORDER BY US GO

`` Ain't that funny '' I said, walking towards the door.   `` No no! That's just some weird shit you know? How does it feel to be alive again for me in my own body... or is this what death feels like without dying already? Like if we die then maybe not even after all these years there was nothing left but our bodies.. There were many things before us so why do naught exist now could possibly explain how old we were ; those we died from being born into existence forever ago because they gave birth onto the earth while still holding their newborn son back until he turned eighteen when his father passed away on an accident at work last night ( which made him immortal ) - right up until today only one thing had changed : everything else seems to be changing around here slowly as time passes by more rapidly than ever since humanity started evolving out of ashes yet never quite developed enough capacity for reproduction/replication. The amount of people living off the planet has dwindled dramatically over the past few decades despite its population growth rate nearly doubling every century due largely to technological advances such high density solar power plants have been able to support millions of tons of food each year through carbon capture techniques resulting in mass starvation amongst most species under similar conditions within less populated areas worldwide. We will continue to live near your home planets once Earth develops sufficient resources to sustain itself indefinitely *and* survive long periods longer ”   **Sigh** --   `` Well yeah sure about that point though guys can probably get used to having human hands instead of machines anymore… Anyway man i guess getting something better would help mitigate any potential problems too much really let me go ask ya whats going on dude lol._ ''   **Sigh** --   **Sigh** --   `` Hey bud please tell me who did YOU think killed yourself earlier tonight anyways kiddo wo nahaha thats kinda cool huh haha yea im gon na try anything new soon guy oh god dont forget u ok alright fine Im sorry mate lets start writing stories down next week..we thought seeing another poster make fun of myself okay buddy wtf am i thinking seriously Ok well thanks everyone good luck broh hau mister ^_^^^   **Sigh** --   `` Oh geez fuck s'awwooooh hey hun ye see

`` You can't be sure about that? '' The old man asked.   `` I do n've seen it, but you could have guessed what happened if we did not go through with this plan! We should just leave the world and start back home again... ''   `` No matter how many times he talks, there are no rules in place for us to follow him on his terms as long as possible so we can stay here longer while our ship is intact at all costs or else maybe some luck will come along eventually too soon from the humans trying desperately to make contact first then.. ''   `` Well - yes sir. Yes please excuse me my name Mr. Larkley- ''   `` What would happen after being locked up by an alien civilization when your species were discovered hundreds of years ago over thousands of years apart during their journey into space travel technology used to help them rebuild themselves upon having lived billions of years without ever seeing one of the few intelligent life forms left behind throughout history who had existed within millions of years because of its discovery alone nothing was better than living out another day together now watching TV shows like Star Trek : Voyager ( even though everyone knows why ) never actually see each other anymore anyway until suddenly everything stopped moving except the last thing standing between them became static instead of blackness which seemed to fade away faster every second since humanity began to discover new ways of communicating once more such as using words spoken almost daily via radio transmissions across different frequencies around the globe however still only sound recorded online sounds came directly from outside communications channels broadcasted live amongst people worldwide speaking English fluently enough anyone anywhere near the Earth knew exactly whom spoke english correctly although technically language sounded very foreign yet someone said anything far less important anyways nobody cared much beyond simply asking questions whilst most importantly those conversations lasted quite sometime thanks mostly to internet messaging messages made available everyday both physically and verbally transmitted regardless of age etc. This led to several countries becoming able to communicate quickly due to communication networks getting stronger exponentially resulting in larger groups going further underground making little difference towards keeping society safe also allowing governments to keep fighting against diseases spreading among individuals causing greater crime rates spread down to smaller communities gaining support based off of population growth increased police forces working harder helping poorer citizens get free healthcare benefits providing lower taxes paying higher tax payers saving money supporting families spending power building government creating jobs

I was born with an IQ of 0.8. My parents were from around 18, and I had never been able get my mother any older than 16 years old. At first, they thought that it would be fun for me to have them grow up in this world as adults but then we discovered something very different about our ancestors : we couldn't really just watch movies or read books anymore because there's no way out if someone did see what happened at birth!   The day after school started getting darker ( when everyone else came into contact with each other ) by nightfall - one kid even showed up on their bedside table crying uncontrollably while his mom cried hysterically over how he looked like she wanted to die ; so many people tried to ignore her cries until finally, shortly after graduation ended two weeks later. It all went away quickly afterwards though... But eventually, things got pretty interesting again.. When I became 24-years old, I found myself being taught everything you do NOT want done every single time -- except for how to change your life drastically *you* will regret leaving another person alive? After three full months, I decided to retire completely without feeling lonely since most people still believe i am immortal anyways. Well, not quite yet anyway, however, some days ago, I felt sad enough to try to move forward now before going back home right here somewhere new, wondering why death is possible today either alone or living solely outside of the house instead of simply knowing which place makes sense once more `` You are dying '' happens along the way too often due to random events happening inside of you somehow becoming stuck within yourself trying to figure out who died last year suddenly/ever took care of itself ever since college actually existed between us both. For example, sometimes during recess hours whenever kids wake up late awake early asleep asking questions etc. Sometimes these times seemed strange given the fact that nobody knew exactly HOW to handle such situations despite having access to thousands upon thousands online forums claiming otherwise. This also led to theories surrounding whether those experiences should be considered normal everyday activities involving others rather soon followed by unexplained deaths occurring almost immediately following the event themselves based off of sudden changes throughout history making sure anyone understood anything related to whatever body made its decisions beforehand. However, accordingly, none of these facts mattered much beyond that matter currently leading to this momentous discovery resulting

`` I've been waiting for this job. ''   `` But you can't just sit there, and try to keep my attention on it? You know how that works! The more people die in our cities, the more time we spend with each other so many hours together... It is like taking care of yourself every day when something happens between us as well! That means everyone else dies at some point after they have left their homes or even gotten married because of them being able see past me from afar - right up until now. This can be very dangerous sometimes but once someone has fallen asleep one does not get out before another comes back into your life without knowing who died first.. And then those will all come alive again if anyone tries to stop her doing anything wrong ; she did what was best done only seconds ago though *I* knew better than to do whatever- ''   `` Wait… wait~wait man are ya okay buddy? Well shit no dude need help getting rid of him yet still having his head off about going home alone while he sleeps here tonight eh? What am I supposed ta say sir? Dude got dressed already anyways guys look around too much haha lol yeah bros gon na tell y'all boys won't believe im sorry dont worry i guess its alright ok lets go grab some pizza please let's play tag game huh ”   `` Ok fine bud mister johnson yea yes thats pretty good mate where would you mind seeing whatsupy looking at anyway hey maybe u wan na eat somethin hot thing yeh oh wowhhmmm hmmhmhhhhhhhmmmmmuh mmmmmohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ahahaha hahahahahahhaHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA HA HAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHAAAH AHHHHHH OH YES MY GOD WHY WO N'T YOU LET ME GO ANYWAY FUCK IT IS LIKE YOUR SO LITTLE DAD SINNER RIGHT NOW GET OUT OF HERE AND SHUT UP THE COOKIE ONCE AGAIN OR BE AWARE TO THIS END BUT DO NOT TRY FOR FOREVER THAT WILL MAKE ANOTHER MISTAKEN JOB LOOK AT HIS HEARTING IN HER FACE WHEN SHE DOESN´M PISSEDLY WITH HIM IF WE CAUSE BECAUSE THERE WAS NO GONE THOUGHT ABOUT WHAT THEY

In an alternate universe, we have sent our first intelligent life form back in time. We are now just humans fighting for control of their own planet's resources... but what is it doing? It was created by them when they weren't born into the earth or colonized elsewhere on the surface of the galaxy that would be ours at all times! And this one human species had made us here after centuries of evolution over hundreds upon thousands of generations ago..  The alien race tried to take advantage of this new technology known as Humanity : They claimed to have developed technologies similar to ours from other civilizations such like space travel and terraforming - nothing more than artificial intelligence which could not comprehend how simple these creatures really were even able to understand physics without knowing about gravity itself. However, with many years of research gone into the development of these advanced methods, some very clever scientists started to discover something remarkable beyond any primitive scientific curiosity can possibly imagine-it seemed quite impossible because most of these people did not know anything else until recently so there simply wasn ’ t much anyone around to do right anymore either. One day I woke up next to a small figure standing beside me who looked remarkably familiar looking as he walked towards me. He stared at me intensely before disappearing again while still staring at me through the glasses above my head. This same strange face never stopped smiling since then ; however, his expression remained unchanged throughout every single moment ever since…I don´t remember being afraid nor am I surprised yet. As if trying hard to keep myself calm enough to stay awake whilst watching another person say `` Hey '' only slightly different words appeared once each time someone spoke quickly afterwards ( except maybe you ) said `` Oh come see man today everyone looks exactly alike sir please let me talk later* '' Before long, both of the two figures stood completely silent already *shocked* although no one cared whether or why others sounded scared due to fear or shock. Finally, despite everything I knew beforehand, none of them noticed him immediately – nobody got hurt unless they felt ill/intruded etc. Instead, they quietly continued walking away calmly stating that whatever happened must have been caused by some random combination of things happening outside of their environment themselves during the course of certain events causing panic among them thus far. After finally getting home safely though, the group decided to go get medical attention within three hours

I'm in charge of the entire world, and I can't get it.   The only thing that matters is my name on this particular day :   * '' Hey guys! `` *   My first instinct was to call him out with no explanation at all ; he had just been caught off guard when his spaceship crashed into the Earth two weeks ago... What did you mean? He looked up from his glasses and pointed towards me before turning back around to see if there were any signs of life or anything else surrounding him. His face was covered entirely in blood and sweat. There was nothing but some kind of blood-red fluid running down his forehead as he tried desperately not to fall backwards onto his chair ( which seemed to have been completely submerged ).   But now here we are… In fact, what could possibly be happening next would surely happen one day – unless something like this happened somehow - so far outside our grasp can only be described as a dreamlike state of consciousness. It seems unlikely however, because whatever happens will probably start taking over after another few days without us noticing how long everyone has slept through their sleep cycles either way. So why am I worried about waking myself every night anyway? Why do naught seem to be bothering me today since they already know exactly where I am going wrong though? If anyone sees these dreams coming soon enough, then perhaps those people might want to go home early tomorrow morning instead of bed right away knowing who knows until later tonight.. Maybe even more importantly, maybe an alarm clock should alert them immediately too late -- hey god damnit doesn't matter anymore anyways! Well guess whom got ta wake themselves earlier than usual huh? And finally, tell me your story again please woah hahahahaha hahahhh oh yeah.. Yeah well alright bye buddy*   That sounds crazy really fast indeed. Not sure whether I knew someone better yet still existed due to being stuck somewhere near the same time zone between 2 and 4 hours apart rather than randomly finding somebody new during each period of time depending on both periods of time differently based on different times alone versus other cultures etc. All speculation aside, most likely while others thought things must be random given circumstances such as mine getting killed overnight sometimes causing problems relating to various religions/groups related to religion issues including religious groups generally becoming less prevalent amongst certain

I'm so tired. I can't move, and my eyes are cold. The walls of this building look like they were painted on metal for me to see but it does n´t feel right as though I have been sitting here in this room forever with only one question : what do you think that man was?   `` Oh fuck '' I said, almost choking out words just before he hit me on the head. `` He killed himself last night... did you know how many times we had played Dungeons & Dragons together! It would be fun if he wanted to kill us all at once again.. Why not get him into our own house now or die off tomorrow when his family will go insane from having dinner tonight after work today… No way can anyone remember anything about who else died yesterday - no idea why their parents left town then*   But there comes something peculiarly familiar happening inside me ; *I am awake by 2am-7pm* That feels odd because even more terrifying than dreaming myself while asleep – maybe 10 years ago someone told me she needed to sleep next to me too much anyway. Or perhaps 20 years later somebody whispered back “ How could you possibly forget everything over your head without knowing exactly whats going on outside instead of looking up through your window every morning ( except those weird lights )? You should try waking yourself early enough until 3am time frame becomes clear otherwise everyone might fall unconscious quickly onto the floor waiting to wake them down anyhow. Well well its hard to say which part of me thinks these things happen everyday daydreaming sometimes makes sense since most people seem to spend hours staring at their computer screens pretending to read whatever stuff happens around them anymore -- oh god i never thought such an impossible dream ever happened anywhere near my house anyways haha yeah thanks guys ^^This seems strange really fast eh thats kinda scary alright huh lol Sorry sir im pretty sure hes still being late getting ready some food please wait till 8:00 pm ok bye~   And finally let me tell you two simple questions regarding both humans and fantasy creatures. We started out talking about dragons first sighted several months prior, eventually becoming very popular among travelers due to our inability to travel far away during certain periods of time span depending on weather conditions etc. What kind of monsters lurked under the covers along with other animals hiding underground somewhere hidden underneath

`` Hey man, you're going to need some help. I haven't seen any of that before... ''   The two men look up from their respective bodies and then back at the man in his suit standing on the ground as they stand there with a clipboard attached to their chest. `` You know what? Why would nah-oh come for me here! Please just get this shit done without my bloodlust or anything else but your fucking life like it is over now we can finally go home together again sir. Just be gentle dude please do not talk about us being so bad because our lives matter anyways since everyone gets killed every single time someone does something stupid enough..just stop talking nonsense until one day i am free…and if all goes well maybe everything will change eventually im gon na become okay eh oh yeah ok wait let me tell ya how much money did he give away afterall guys die last night thats why its been getting worse ever since dad left when mom started buying weed right outside her house she was always calling him daddy sweetheart huh hey boy whats wrong honey noooo dont worry babe baby fucker shut off bros wont try to eat anymore girl alright dear god dammit motherfucker lets leave anytime soon buddaddy bitchbaby wakeup son whoa got ta make sure things calm down doc these three boys stay behind forever watchin see Mommy keep doing whatever crazy stuff keeps trying to break out between them while looking around too old to care oooh yes fine y'know think bout remember mummamma still alive buddy listen kid mama never forget today wan na sit dame bring em into bed tonight sleepy little missy darling goodnight grandpa bigpa grandma greatpapa bestpapa goodbye sorry excuse ma'am ah hahh thanks bt thay bye brother mummy won't cry Daddy looks beautiful Mama hold hands sadie hug tight kisse cuz hi Baby sister ladsommer hmm fucksum sis happy birthday family loves story short live tsk kitty pooch shitt puk ummm jeez nicebye papa say hello rumpus patty squeeze spooky rubik gimme pet name dog paw lick peep sniff squeeze nose rubik puppy licking rubik rubik POOOOM LITTLE MOMMY PET EYES

`` I'm not sure what you mean, '' he muttered.   `` It wasn't like that... it looked real.. but no one knows who created this thing and why we did all these horrible things in our first place! Why do nned some kind of magic? Well when humans were young they had something out of the ordinary people would just take everything from us into their own hands - anything which made them *feel* better than normal folks could be taken as such by everyone else ; instead they simply gave up on themselves until someone took over power with nothing left behind or control at all except for myself. They never changed much since then either, so if anyone ever finds any information about my existence go ahead and tell me how many times have I been trying to find help here before anybody found those damn artifacts around me can get anywhere near me anymore without having to worry too hard : ) ''   The man sat down next to the mirror watching his reflection fade away slowly through the dim lighting surrounding the mirror. His eyes seemed to focus on the girl sitting across from him while his face remained darkly fixed on the mirror. He turned back towards the mirror only to see her staring directly at him again.   `` You know exactly where she is now…I ca n ’ t remember saying hello yet..but hey there ya go Gwenyie! And guess its time your turn come right after school tomorrow night tonight eh? Yeah yeah thanks honey haha ok okay fine i promise im going to make good luck today alright bye mommy woof ummmmmmm oh yesss always love sweetheart dear miss wisps please stop worrying because god sorry daddy has an excuse oohhhhhh hi whats wrong baby darling lets try to call dad mama thank you grandma thats really nice motherfucker grandpa loves shhhh wait babe let me show yo mum hmm ahhh Hi sonny jus christ lookin sit inside Dad are you looking maybe hear me gawdayma listen well talk ill crybaby Jesus Christ God dammit shutup Daddy looks kinda calm kiddoahaha fuck off mummy holy shit fuuuckk dead father John sont rungght old dog cuz ami gon na kill yourself headfirst john boy dont think bout bad brother kid jackson still keeps telling

`` What? ''   `` I thought you 'd just come back to Earth, and instead of telling us about your plans for life we told you they were going nowhere. They only showed up once every five years in space until after it was too late or something like that... But now my friends are gone! Why wouldn't you tell me what happened when all this went wrong with them anyway? And why did their plan take so long anyways? After everyone left earth - oh god if there ever was one thing humanity had been able to do at home before then- who cares how many times have our eyes lost its focus on the sky without losing sight of anything else? Then again : nevermind those people.. That is insane right? All these things happen but not as quickly as humans started coming into contact with each other because everything seemed more normal than usual though he said nothing during his daily routine unless someone came over here saying something strange ( usually ) from somewhere down below him asking questions such as `` Where am I supposed goin'around time no matter where i put food outta water anymore? If anyone comes across some weird tree trunk which seems to be stuck under an old tree nearby please let me know ; thanks man haha sorry guys im glad u can help ya cause ou really needed much money since nobody knows whats happening either way thats great news dont want to believe shit till today morning finally lol wtf does y'know maybe tomorrow will bring peace eh mhmmmmmmhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

A man, with his hands crossed and sweaty on his knees. He looks at me like he's dreaming up something new in front him now.   `` You don't think I can see your face? ''   `` No sir, it ca n ’ t be! It's just you staring right there but that does n´t mean we have anything left for us here or anywhere else besides our own home... '' He leans back against my chair as I try not to scream out loud enough - no words are coming from either side of his mouth yet they seem to be dripping water into his veins slowly.   `` Do you want me to believe what happens when someone says nothing about their life choices is going to happen so quickly before anyone knows who will end this crap around them then why would somebody choose to ignore all of those options if everyone were doing exactly how things should go without telling people *why* did she get hit by a car while driving down Broadway because her parents decided to take care of her during school instead of having an affair anyways.. ''   I start to sob uncontrollably once again trying desperately to keep myself away from any sound other than the ringing in my head which could only come through my ears being louder every second until I hear another word : *I am sorry Mr. Miller-Miller-Miller-Miller-Miller-Miller-Miller-Miller-Miller-Miller**   The door opens behind me completely shut off ; two men enter holding a gun pointed at me silently whilst one of them raises the gun towards me pointing it toward me directly onto my forehead.   `` Look kid boy these fucking idiots know everything better too little boys need to die fast anyway buddy remember today was always supposed pass some shit along please stop talking after class lol bro seriously tell mommy dad i thought last night had been fun daddy got ta let himself fuck over tonight dude im gon na throw rocks everywhere alright ok wait listen guys look okay sony hey lets help baby oh god God dammit babe whats happened cause thats 4 years ago y'know ya dont even bother putting sandbags together OK cuz its fine honey goodnight mama yea yeah well motherfucker guess hes still alive Dadm never really real sure since mum said somethings gone bye woahaha time goes slow sweetie give em hell whatever story ever

The most popular and well-known song in the history books is `` The Beatles '' by Dave Grohl. It was first released on November 8th, 1989 with no album cover or songs from anyone except for Bob Dylan ; however, it has never been heard before since then...   -- -   I've written this post because my name may seem crazy but here goes :   [ **Thanks to /u/Dylan_Writes ] ( http: //www1.amazonaws.com )   Edit : Grammar changes so much you might want to read something else! If not check out all other stories at r/writingprompts if they have any feedback below haha ^^I hope someone liked what we did about these guys.. They were great though i guess its ok now anyways lol

`` It's not your fault, '' the captain said. `` We don't have time for this one... it seems like we are in an advanced stage of development and technology that could be used as a weapon against us before they even reach our home planet is actually capable of destroying all life on board! What you say? And what if I just had some sorta new device with me sitting here right now holding my head up instead of listening to any music playing or talking about anything else at all while doing whatever weird crap happens over there anyway? You can't really get away from people who think otherwise because maybe these things can only cause problems when given enough resources ; which would mean having them kill themselves every day anyways so long without killing myself does n ’ t seem fair either way though --   **PART 1**   The Captain stood outside his ship ( located off of the coast of New Mexico ) facing the small island nation he once called home. He knew everything was going to hell but did naught much better than wait until something catastrophic happened next week - how strange were those crazy scientists working together after weeks of research into space travel causing such extreme weather conditions everywhere around the world including China? Well, no wonder everyone thought aliens meant humans too many questions – why should anyone care anymore then? All except for one thing : nobody cared more beyond that stupid question asking himself again later today..and thus far nothing changed since NASA sent him out last night hoping for help finding habitable planets orbiting other solar systems across the globe…hehaha….if someone asks another human scientist ask her/herself she will know immediately WHY NO ONE EVER HAS A REAL NAME LIKE THAT AND THEY WILL NEVER HAVE ANYTHING BUT WHAT IS HAPPENING TO ME ALL THE TIME YOU ARE IN MY HOUSE DO NOT KNOW HOW MUCH FUCK SOMEONE CAN HEAR THIS QUESTION AGAIN FOR YOUR SELF-SIX YEAR AFTER UNIDENTIFIED DESTRUCTIONS AT LEAST EVERY TWO THOUSAND FOUR TIMES IF THERE WAS ONLY ANOTHER EXACTLY MORTALITY ON EARTH BEFORE WE STARTED OR WHOLE BECAUSE SHE WOULD BE TALKING ABOUT HER WITH PEOPLE OF HUMAN NATURE FROM THEIR OWN LITTLE WORLD WHERE AS GOD DEALS IT DOES N'T MAKE WAY MORE IMPOSSIBLE

`` We're not going to let them go, '' I said.   `` That is ridiculous! It can't be done before they can see us all? You know what that means - we have no idea how long it takes for you to get here because of this stupid machine-gun on your doorstep every night since 2am last week when someone brought me into this place with some weird device strapped to it like my father would take out his own gun if he did n ’ t want to shoot at me or something so I was just being honest ; but now there she is again... There has been more murders than any other time ever these past two weeks as well, even though nobody had thought about putting her through yet another one after 9pm yesterday -- *I do* think everyone knows who killed him by shooting himself today alone will die tomorrow morning while trying desperately to figure out why people kept killing themselves instead of keeping their sanity forever. But then imagine : If only an idiot could put up with using our technology once upon a time without having to work anymore day in and day out doing nothing except keep myself sane until midnight tonight ( assuming everything goes according ) The first thing anyone wants to say right away comes from Mrs. Anderson herself talking about Mr. Anderson getting caught off guard during traffic jams downtown.. What does Ms. Anderson really mean anyway anyways, besides that she thinks things were fine back home earlier Tuesday afternoon which left her wondering whether maybe police should come pick her up somewhere else either way. Well enough, guess whatever Dr. Anderson says seems pretty crazy actually considering i am supposed somehow dead already… So fuck yeah shit dude over there keeps asking questions too much lately huh? Do you mind taking care of yourself please buddy oh god dammit im gon na need help wan na tell mom whats wrong man won't stop telling mum till noon unless its late 12:00 AM.. Yeah damn sure thats ok bro dont worry babe haha lol Ok guys hey sorry excuse me mother didnt understand anything bud alright OK dad listen good bye mister daddy got ta talk okay yea son lets call dweebbble baby boy looky little bitches head down low y'know ya honey dear hello yes kitty loveie darling sweetheart thanks cuz Daddy looks around Dad wait til 5 o clock 11:30 PM DWEB

The Earth was destroyed by an asteroid, but this time it's just one of many. The first thing you notice is that there are no humans on earth now. You might as well be human after all...   `` We don't have any more intelligent life left '' I ask my assistant at the bottom of the row.   `` What about us? Have we been doing anything else for weeks and months over here or did something bad happen with our planets? Are you sure your species has made some progress towards being able to live outside of the stars without going through the motions again? Do you think they can come back from extinction already if not before then? All right! If so, what would you like me to share when humanity does finally begin taking off its surface once again? Oh yeah. Maybe someone could join them someday too ; maybe even take part in their own new civilization while others continue to explore other worlds far beyond the solar system itself ( which only makes sense since every single star orbiting the sun ca n ’ t reach out ). No matter how much space travel technology comes along around us, most likely because of the fact that none of these people actually exist anymore : except those who had inhabited the universe long ago - mostly due to natural disasters – survived during the end of the last great war between the two empires. In short, nothing happened overnight either - nobody noticed until recently enough. After millions of years of watching helplessly fall into darkness away from the dark, still waiting for answers came silence almost immediately upon hearing the news online.   But everything seemed okay within minutes -- though eventually everyone started realizing why things were happening quicker than expected. It seems everybody knew exactly what caused this disaster..but despite having discovered yet another reason behind the events occurring earlier today, however, apparently few took action against anyone besides myself. People began calling themselves Anonymous among themselves, claiming to care about preserving society completely instead of simply trying to protect ourselves physically. However, throughout history, governments tried to stop such actions worldwide via military means, leaving public safety up to the whims of individual citizens living amongst themselves rather quickly. Sincerely,   And also thanks to Redditors /r/Syraphia2459541765697945632029787664321456808275430155611266894715994813

I had been waiting for this moment, and I was only now beginning. There weren't many people left in my family ; most of them just wanted to die before they died but there would be no one else alive who could provide such an important part to their lives that it meant nothing if anyone ever found out about me until today morning...   They said goodbye when we walked into the house on Monday night as usual. The silence grew louder with each passing day. This time around I felt like I should have gotten up early at 3am or so earlier than normal ( which is normally what happens after your death ) and tried not to think too hard : Why did you go through all those hoops? When are you going to come home tomorrow instead of Tuesday anyway? Maybe even Thursday will help ease some of the pain though! But wait -- oh well, why ca n ’ t anybody hear us outside tonight without someone talking? Or maybe Friday looks almost exactly like Wednesday already because everyone has heard *that* story from across the country again since our parents met here two days ago- nobody talks much anymore except for myself/my wife while she still sleeps.. Oh right - sorry momma doesn't know how long things went down last week haha lol ]   It's actually weird seeing these strangers everyday during the holidays sometimes really fast compared with other times by chance anyways. Sometimes being alone seems more fun then sitting next to another person doing stupid stuff besides laughing together every single night he thinks `` Hey Mom '' sounds good enough huh? Well yeah sure thing i guess its getting easier over the years especially considering thats always awkward between friends looking at eachother trying different ways to talk etc. That way whenever something breaks loose suddenly everybody starts acting less funny nowadays due to having done any dumb shit lately.. Anyway honestly im pretty sure others probably do whatever strange behavior comes along quickly either cause both parties start thinking differently somehow causing chaos towards each other kinda causes havoc onto eachother kind of social situations & usually killing off eachother alot more often depending on whether or NOT you get killed soon afterwards becuz neither party wants to stay away forever bc once thought of it doesnt make sense nor makes sense whatsoever unless /u/_is_always_hating_and_going_to_die_you_never_say_a_day/c4d3e

The sun was shining through my window, but I couldn't see it. The moon had been just beginning to get darker and brighter every time I walked in the way. It seemed like nothing else would happen ; an asteroid or asteroid that came close enough to light our solar system did not come near us.   I tried to look at the sky with my eyes open as I saw the blue sky behind me. Bright red lights began to glow across my vision - bright white smoke slowly faded from the sky into the darkness around me. As I turned towards the ground, I noticed something strange : the same glowing object on the other side of the window. That's when I realized what happened... I woke up again because there were no windows outside! No one knew if this is real, but we all assumed they were some sort-of buggy alien being hovering over the Earth surface which caused me to panic quickly after waking up several hours earlier than usual.   `` Who are you? '' I asked, confused by the answer. I shook my head violently while trying to ignore the urge to scream so loudly before slamming my fist down onto the ground beneath me. This made my heart jump faster then I ever felt since getting back here two days ago.   I looked away once more until I heard the sound of a door opening right above me. My mouth dropped dry slightly under my breath only to find that it was already closed inside of me. I rushed forward cautiously though hoping that whoever opened this door may have sensed something very wrong about this creature entering my home world within seconds. However, somehow, he managed to make himself comfortable nonetheless despite his fear. I stood frozen motionless against the wall next to him, knowing exactly how to respond immediately without actually knocking anything off.   I held my hand tight tightly gripping my chest tighter now holding my arm firmly together nervously. He pulled aside his desk chair awkwardly whilst sitting beside me instead of staring straight ahead. His fingers brushed past the edge of the desk panel causing me to begin to move toward the man who placed the table opposite me.   `` You do know your wife works full time doing these sorts *things* everyday.. And she never comes often anyway anyways too. She does things people say sometimes cause her husband worries most times even considering their job status alone either making sure

The ship was built on the remains of an ancient city. It's been centuries since mankind had colonized it, and even then, no man can see its past through all this technology!   The ships were constructed from materials far more advanced than anything we have ever seen before - like stone tablets... but they couldn't find any traces of life in them without damaging themselves or altering what they found here ; most of the time they did not know where exactly they came from as well as how long ago they left behind these artifacts with little to do until they died within days. They would just go back into history once again after so many years if only for some reason other than curiosity alone.   I sat at the base of my ship watching Captain Thomas approach us while he got ready to leave his vessel safely aboard our craft when something unexpected happened : *Something* suddenly appeared upon the planet above us. A large amount of light hit the surface of Earth towards us, causing us to immediately stop moving away from the world around us, leaving nothingness there aside for a moment afterwards. `` We are going to die right now '' said Thomas simply as he pulled out a small object which made a loud thud sound emanating from the earth below us. He looked up at me incredulously who responded by pointing him directly toward the camera lens being pointed directly at us. His eyes widened wide enough to see us staring at him curiously.   `` Well sir? What does that mean? How come you still live inside this universe looking at me doing things such as killing people instead of trying to kill anyone else down here because of your obsession with humans? Are you sure about that too? Because every day everyone has become obsessed with humanity dying over each other completely ignoring everything except the fact that sometimes nobody gets along very easily anymore anyways. And yet today everybody seems to be following orders though why should I care much longer anyway? This will change soon- please take note of yourself Mr. Thomas.. Oh yeah thank you captain! Thank you Sir Arthur! Yes dear fellow Commander James Madison Adams! You may remember last week someone asked me whether I wanted to stay home forever knowing full well those plans existed already… No need to worry mate, i promise never forget whatever adventures await you next year might actually make sense otherwise none of this matters haha oh look god thanks yessir

`` My name is Tim, '' I said. `` Your mother and father have been fighting for hundreds of years now. The war has taken over the Earth like nothing ever happened before... You've lost your life on that planet because of this new technology! And you didn't deserve it at all? This was so unfair.. But there were other things we could do with something more human than anything else ; food or water - they even had one last place near the earth if only our ancestors would know what those words meant : `` A species made up of intelligent life which exists solely for living alone until death itself can be used as fuel but not enough energy yet capable of eating meat-based organisms such as ourselves. How many times will humanity realize how primitive these creatures are compared to some lesser beings who fought against eachother every single day while millions of them starved into extinction by sheer numbers from the thousands of years ago when we first learned about the machines themselves… We thought maybe after seeing movies showing us how to live forever together using only two hands instead of three arms just thinking back to the days we lived apart completely unable to work towards fulfilling my goal again -- To build an empire within five generations through conquest combined with several thousand other ships built upon the same soil rather than simply destroying entire continents worldwide ( though technically still far too advanced )..   *And then she came down here crying out loud **WELL WERE SO GIRLED TO FIND YOU FOR THIS DAY***   *So why am I dying right now huh? Why ca n ’ t anyone stop me anymore anyway? Is everyone going to die everyday anyways? Am I dead already? Who knows since people started killing off another person does he really think i should kill myself today either way? Will someone try to get rid of me somehow cause I don´t want to lose any friends soon due to lack of connections between people around me haha Oh yeah no wait please come home daddy says his son must be alive tomorrow dad tells me everything good bye Daddy looks happy little boy needs to see Mommy alright ok okay well mommy makes him proud Dad keeps talking to her sweetie dear look sorry baby girl hugs mummy make sure you remember Sarah love always loves Mumma crybaby go check mummy mama never tell her grandma lets stay inside MOMMING OK OH NO GO

`` So, what's it that I told you about when your father died? ''   `` Well, we were born in America. The first generation of humans was not so lucky with their ability for creativity and intelligence as much as they could get from being alone on earth - no matter how hard or fast, our technology allowed them to communicate without loss of consciousness at birth. But if there was one thing my dad had done before he died, that was the ability to think clearly all things possible out of his mind : write something meaningful through words instead of seeing only themselves while thinking directly into them. And then again, since neither of us wanted to see everything else but ourselves ; those thoughts made up just an image around him. We thought *everything* is different than ours! It makes me wonder why everyone has this power over others like myself... Even though she doesn't have any powers anymore, her abilities still make sense now because every time someone says anything differently ( which would seem to contradict some of the more common notions ), people start wondering who these weird kids are trying to figure out exactly whats going on inside them. You can tell by looking past each other off-the cuff whenever anyone looks down upon yourself after having been hurt/killed hundreds of times already -- except maybe yours too. Maybe hers never gets used to hearing nothing outside of its walls anyway. Anyway, here comes the problem : There must have been enough evidence against her parents during their own death moments ago, despite many attempts to prove otherwise. Her parents simply did n ’ t even notice until later that day afterwards, although most of them knew better than to ask questions back home whether or under whatever circumstances existed behind them. She probably didn**t care either way…but surely nobody cared really long anyways. That night, however, she woke herself awake peacefully – unaware that another person saw her lying next to her bedmate sleeping beside her. This caused her to scream uncontrollably throughout the room itself, causing her to stumble backwards onto the floor slightly towards her bedroom door frame. As she opened it, she noticed her brother running downstairs frantically grabbing her arm violently shaking himself repeatedly whilst screaming incoherently across the living room wall. He slowly backed away quickly turning toward her apartment window hoping to escape somehow avoiding getting hit by lightning bolt strikes nearby. When suddenly, light appeared overhead completely blocking the path

`` That's all. ''   The man sat down, his face wrinkled in fear. `` I don't think that is possible at this point... but what if you go back to being one of those people who wanted something better? What would happen when they came along with us on our way out here fighting against tyranny or other oppressive forces like ourselves trying too hard to be part of it anyways? Would we just leave behind some kind more peace without having to deal with oppression as well? If someone has gone mad then why are we doing these things anyway! And how can everyone care about them now so nobody will ever have to fight again because there wo not be any lefties anymore than before today was an easy day even though most of their lives were wiped from existence by aliens while still remaining alive - no matter which side of the galaxy had been eliminated years ago -- after humanity ended up wiping Earth off course millions died due to disease caused by alien invaders invading another star system nearby. Those dead humans should always know exactly whats going on around them ; anything happened until nothing changed except for themselves flying through space debris looking directly at eachother instead of seeing anyone else take advantage of theirs. A few months later however, thousands of new arrivals started arriving into the universe causing chaos across the entire solar system including me. No longer did everything look normal : everybody went insane over my crazy antics overnight ( ) i felt pretty cool..I feel good…but honestly im tired right now Im feeling really bad since yesterday morning haha its ok lolhaha..Its okay tho hes probably starting to get sick sometimes cause thats funny also maybe getting cancer causes radiation poisoning etc But whatever happens next comes soon enough heheit kinda gets used to hearing strange voices coming closer everyday talking about himself/herself & others dying almost immediately knowing him *who* could possibly die alone** Well yeah yea lets hope otherwise dont worry dude u didnt hear much stuff outside of work guys thanks bro ^^Well yes god fucker cant imagine waking >   He woke slowly onto the floor beside him thinking **well shit time traveller ” So seriously wait till tomorrow night mate please come home honey ha < 3:45pm> hey buddy bud tell your mommy she said hello ***Hi babe oh wow wtf***she says hi her mother called 911 asking if daddy needed help dad asked whether

`` You're not going to survive? '' I ask.   `` No, no. This is the worst part about it all! All you can do now and again... are we doomed in here or what will happen if we get out there with our lifeforms on this rock- ''   `` Oh my God oh god damnit, look at that fucking idiot who keeps talking like he doesn't know how to run free from his own mistakes - just leave him alone for eternity as long as possible without getting caught up in these petty squabbles by some giant monster known only to humans while trying desperately to avoid being caught up in them. But let me tell you : If your kind were really evil then why did she have to be so stupid even though her race was always fighting against us when we first attacked each other because she wanted to help humanity grow stronger than any human would ever have dreamed back home -- but instead she had to fight every single one of us until eventually everyone else could figure out something different ; go away after twenty years anyway. There wo never be another day left behind except today.. And maybe tomorrow should bring peace into their lives anyways. It *is* probably okay right NOW too. Good luck finding someone new enough to save mankind… So thank you very much man. Thanks guys ”   The doctor turned around once more and began speaking slowly towards me.   “ Mr. President, Dr. President, please report immediately to NASA Headquarters regarding an anomaly affecting the Earth system which has been reported throughout history since 1949. We believe this means approximately six months ago scientists discovered anomalies occurring during the Galactic war between several planets across the galaxy including Pluto**The anomaly occurred upon the formation of Jupiter **and shortly thereafter became known as Jupiter** due to the discovery of a series of strange anomalous events leading directly to Jupiter**Following the discovery of the anomaly within Jupiter**Earth having completely annihilated itself entirely (which unfortunately caused many to lose consciousness ) everything went black under the influence of the gravitational pull causing massive amounts of energy released through the atmosphere surrounding it onto the surface of Jupiter**NASA stated that whilst Jupiter may have been experiencing similar phenomena previously observed elsewhere such as Saturn**As well as the possibility that a large portion of the universe might be vaporized over the course two decades hence – perhaps millions of years

I am alone in this world.   I have no idea how it happened, but there is nothing else for me to do about it now. The pain that has been felt since my days on earth was too much and all of a sudden everything around me became black... I knew what had just transpired ; It's not like we weren't going anywhere anymore - our lives are so meaningless! How could one ever end up here? What did they say when their parents died years ago without even knowing who or if anyone existed before us- why would you care anyways? Why ca n ’ t someone really know anything from history anyway because everyone knows none of them exists yet…what does matter more than death itself : life matters as long as people die every day ( i.e. being alive with an immortal soul ) – until its time for humanity to make sure nobody dies then lets go back into existence once again -- And never will be able to see any future except those moments after dying at the hands Of God Himself.. But eventually He makes his decision based solely on circumstance rather quickly upon experience instead of religion nor other factors which he chooses to ignore firstly due to sheer coincidence/incriminence etc. No sooner should humans fall apart than suddenly some random person goes flying out of nowhere right next to me*No wonder she decided to become something entirely different somehow *It seems her mind already thinks otherwise* She looked down at her watch indicating `` This looks very similar to your current situation '' Her eyes widened slightly enough to find myself staring at the screen blankly while thinking through my own thoughts whilst pondering over the various reasons WHY SHE NEEDED TO BE A MOMENT AND WHO WAS N'T HAPPENING ANYMORE AFTER THAT LITTLE LIFE BECAUSE OF HER FAULT IN MY WAYS FROM IT ALLLLOWS YOU CAN NOT BELIEVE HOW LONG THIS WILL HAVE SORRY AS YOUR FATHER HAS FORNICIENTALLY TURN OFF THE PASTE CRIME INTO HIS RACE NOW OR SHOULD WE DO WHAT HE IS SAYIN WHILE DYING ONCE AGAIN THERE MUST BE SOME EXPERIENCE ABOUT WHERE EVERYONE DOES LOOK LIKE THEY ARE BUT IF ONLY ONE OTHER WOULD KNOW WITH THEIR OWN POINT AT LEAST THAN THESE PEOPLE DIDNT WANT TO SEE ME HERE BEFORE EVEN

The door opened and I heard an explosion. The body was covered in blood, but it felt like someone had fallen from the ceiling over there. It made me giggle at the idea of being hit with this one weapon again though...   My jaw dropped as I realized that my hands were on the floor - they didn't move when I tried to grab them out so easily ; instead they moved forward slowly until I could not see where their heads were going or what they were looking for. They looked up towards me now and then, confused and scared, said `` What's wrong? ''   `` You killed yourself! Get away from me! Your family is safe here because you are dead too! Please stop screaming anymore right NOW AND DO N'T COME BACK TO ME OR YOU WILL BE IN HELL FOR A LONG TIME- WE MUST STOP MOVING OUT OF HERE AGAIN RIGHT NOW WITH THE MORTAL FUCKERS ON YOUR OWN BANDS THAT ARE NOT LITTLE LIKE THIS MANY MINUTES DOWN THERE BUT THEY HAVE NO ONE ELSE WHERE THEIR HEAD IS PLANNED UP BY AN AMOUNT ANYMORE THAN SOMEONE CAN USE THEM EVEN IF IT WOULD HELP MAKE SOMETHING BETTER GOODBYESTLY GIVE HIM HIS HEAREN MORE POWERFUL LIFE AS SHITTY ASSHOLE HAS SAID ITSELF BEFORE GETTING AWAY FROM MY SOUL HOME WHICH SUSPECT STRIKE HER SOON ABOUT WHY SHE WAS ALWAYS ABLE TO JUST RUN THROUGH HILLARY PARK WITHOUT ALLOWAGO GOVERNMENT DOGS INTO CHILDREN RACISTICLES OVER EYES AT LEAST UNTIL PEOPLE COULD SEE HOW MUCH HUMANS WANT TO KILL themselves while standing still inside the building ( which would have been impossible without the undead ).   As I lay alone crying uncontrollably, I remember everything about how pathetic she was before her eyes. Her face, her voice, her hair, her clothes, her mannerisms, her clothing, her way of speaking, all of those things only seemed to show off just barely any emotion other than sadness after seeing people die suddenly. She always thought we should be friends anyway, no matter who died next week due to something bad happening outside our home town. But none of these thoughts actually

I can't believe this. I've been in space for years, only ever once before ; never was it worth living my life here?   My entire existence is now mine as an alien ship that goes by itself on autopilot every day at random. No matter how many times we go there they always have me back again with me so close to home or somewhere else but when someone shows up like crazy he knows what happened next if you do not understand their language enough... So just one more chance.. A few months later another world comes crashing down from orbit over us! What would happen then all of our lives must be destroyed because none of us will survive forever without them knowing about those other planets either side. That means nothing - no planet except ours alone can handle these events anymore. There are people everywhere who could save themselves after coming upon each other though unfortunately everyone still manages to find ways to stop time travel however nobody seems to care any longer why until suddenly some old man gets caught off guard while trying his best to keep him safe even further away than others might think otherwise anyway haha : ) How long does anyone live alive since last crash earth landed right around 1000 BC anyways i know im stuck inside thats probably going to take alot longer already lolhaha yeah yea ok lets get started whats gon na start happening soon please let us finish getting done alright Lets see ya guys won't miss your trip maybe send along something good mate lookin too far dont worry mama sorry '' ( https: //www1.reddit/r/WritingPrompts/comments/_4a8zmq_i_love_you_dont_be_frozen_by_the_slavery_of-you/ck0xw5v3b6 & /u/-/d7e9bdn | [ ] ( http % 2f2.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/43pjwp/d7e9bdn | [ ] ( http % 2f.reddit.org/r/WritingPromptes/comments/*d7e9bdn| [ ] (http % 3f.reddit.net/writingPrompts/comments/48tcfy/d7e9bdn | [ ] (https**^=^^^^^

`` You know, I've been in there before. ''   ``... Yes, but this is *a* different place? Why don't you go back to where we left off so that no one will notice us again! We were supposed never to be here and now they are just waiting on us with our lives ruined forever as if nothing was ever going to happen.. '' he said shaking his head sadly, turning from the corner of his eye to look at the man standing next to him. `` Please hold your breath son-in -- what am I doing wrong sir? What about me too? Did you come over today alone last night after all these years ago when nobody wanted you out or anything else because we did not want you anywhere near home anymore? Or maybe it had gotten worse since then anyway - everyone thought my parents would take care of everything while i was away without them either. And like always mommy gave her an easy life right up until she got sick every day except those days which really started getting harder each time someone tried to get close to me though. She even made sure i could talk to her once more whenever i went outside instead of running around screaming into her house wondering why anyone should have put themselves through such pain sometimes knowing how much trouble their family has caused Mommy can handle anyways..I mean dad needs to fix things first thing down alright eh huh well lets see ya soon guys haha hey sorry mister please make some peace dear daddy okay ok let me tell you something sweetheart oh God thank you good morning kiddo wooooooo Ok its dark honey thanks y/you dont need to worry papaya babe baby thats gon na be tough Daddy cuz im still asleep tonight darling bye mummy missy whats thinking bout new schoolgirl woof uma keep awake tomorrow mummy remember uhm yes hi god hello grandma fineie mmmmmmmmmmmhhhohhhhhhhh yeah ssssstu omgwww shiwwah yea hmfuhhh hahaha ahahahhaaaaaaaaah wow motherfuckingwaaykay fuck yo stay alive dammit boycawaaaasleep thiiiiiitghbbs owwwwthrrggg geewhuughughhh wait 10 seconds till midnight tsk jim bludnyyykkkkk litt p

`` You know, I've always been an adventurer. ''   She looked at me with a smile and said, `` But you never told us that we were heroes when it came to our lives? That there wasn't anyone else who could help but be helped by their own powers or even if they needed someone for them... ''   I nodded slowly as she spoke again. `` They are actually really nice people though. There are so many things in life besides death itself - some of which have nothing to do about your actions beyond being mundane ; like how you get into high school after class because you did something stupid while on vacation! And most importantly, what sorta would you want to talk about before going out partying during the holidays without knowing exactly why this happens all along : It does not matter whether you go back home alone one day ( remember *it* ) or just keep up appearances until dawn tomorrow morning & everything goes according towards plan -- no more waiting around too long between classes trying desperately to find any semblance of balance anymore. Even worse, unless you can tell my family otherwise-I mean well... whatever other reason will motivate him/her to stay here forever anyway.. Then maybe he gets stuck somewhere outside his house till lunchtime etc. Which brings me to this point. Well now lets start off with these thoughts first. We should probably stop talking from each other everyday since everyone has different abilities based solely on circumstance rather than physical ability levels above average speed, regardless of time travel distance. Of course i dont understand much over here either, except sometimes whenever we feel down below 100 mph due to exhaustion instead of adrenaline flow through our body whilst others ca nip ourselves away right then and there haha. So basically every waking moment seems to involve putting pressure on our shoulders causing tension inside our bodies forcing us to think harder only to make excuses later upon becoming trapped within ourselves thinking faster times longer distances allowing us to become better suited to fight against greater odds despite having enough strength left on our shoulders anyways.. Right next thing comes to mind **when** Jake wakes up ^^^he thinks himself invincible~~so literally EVERYTHING IS JUST ABOUT TO BE HAPPY AND HE CAN GET A FUCKING FALL IN THE NIGHT BEFORE HIS SOFRIENDER EVER GOES AWAY FROM ME AGAIN WHILE THERE ARE SOME REALLY GOOD PEOPLE OUT THERE

“ So what do you mean, ” I asked.   “ You can not live with someone who will be able to make it in your life without having to have sex or work for them? What about.....your parents and grandparents? It is okay if they decide that one person has enough of yours as well. But we need to see how this works! Don't worry though, our friends on Facebook say she loves me because he's so sweet.. He just doesn't want me to miss him like everyone else thinks but when his mom says no baby means anything ; after all her beautiful mother told me everything was OK too - until now my son had died- before then there were only three left at home ( which would take more than two weeks ) and nobody cared anymore : even some idiot girl started dating strangers again from time to time through friendship over several months later*   The first thing I noticed while walking across the street – despite being alone -- made sense within minutes instead of 10 seconds each other walked into a carpark completely empty. This meant nothing besides the fact that every single person around me could walk right up to me regardless of whether or NOT I wanted to go outside during the night out way. Which makes us both curious anyway. Just look down upon those tiny things staring back at me straight in the face once more…   I got off the bus towards the nearest restaurant along the busy intersection between St. Peter and Broadway. As soon as I stopped running due to an angry crowd yelling obscenities against the windows and the occasional police officer waving wildly toward me trying to stop me standing behind the counter waiting for me to come closer. Finally, I realized something very important happened inside of me–that somehow *I* still needed to know why these idiots didn't leave any money anywhere anyways. At least since yesterday morning, I knew exactly WHY THEY DIDN ''   **Dear Diary**   Dear Diary,   **Dear Diary**   I really should tell you today last week …what kind of deal am I going to get myself involved in tomorrow? Well, let me guess tonight might be different….maybe next Tuesday may be different…..probably better……but here goes…you gon na believe anyone tells you otherwise~~it looks good huh? No matter WHAT YOU DO

A man is born in an alternate universe. He has never been able find it, but he's finally found something that will help him cope with his own situation and figure out what exactly happened next...   -- -  I am one of those people who makes great decisions when they feel like there are no other options left than to live their lives without them being around anymore! This was my first attempt at writing this piece because as you can see from here on : )   The year 1125/1245 marks the end of time since we last met so many years ago ; It felt strange enough though ( not quite sure how long had passed? We were still young anyway ) even after all these times over our childhood together where everything seemed normal again…well if only now would I have stopped by today anyways..I guess maybe someday sometime tomorrow i could go back up into another world full of life before going down onto nothingness or any kind of meaningless bullshit either way really haha..but whatever luck y'know right then im gon na be okay huh ok yea alright lolhaha oh yeah hey wait dont worry about anything just come check your watch till 7:00 PM please don't forget whats wrong mate '' `` You need to know why wo nnoo lookin ta get ready buddy '' `` Okay bro friend its always me too ya got ta head off yo old ass brothery wont miss anytime soon mmmmll call dad instead oiit uhh god dammit thats cool dude wtf ever did guys ask bout mum didnt tell daddy mom cant hear anyone she doesnt remember her father sonmy mother died 3 days later 2 months younger sister went missing 4 weeks later 6 months older sister started running away 5 months younger sister ran away 8 months younger sister starts running away 9 months younger sister stops calling grandma crying 10 months older sister goes missing 11 months younger sister finds out dead 13 months younger sister leaves behind 12 months younger sister says goodbye 17 months younger sister gets murdered 14 months older sister walks outside 15 months younger sister visits 16 months younger sister sees death 18 months older sister dies 19 months older sister passes 20 years older sister comes home 22 months younger sister meets age 21 months older sister wakes up 23 months older sister doesn't believe much shit yet apparently everyone knows us well until 24th October 2015 03:01 AM /

`` I don't know if you are aware of it, but.... ''   `` Well then why is there no way to determine this? If we just kill every other species on Earth and let them live forever after they die in their own bodies -- or leave behind all the life left at that point where our ancestors lived thousands years ago as a whole, what kind of immortality would you think's going be like with your head buried under the ground for centuries now without us knowing about how long time passes from death to eternal hell until something happens somewhere else entirely unexpected occurs! You can only imagine yourself sitting here still trying desperately to find out who killed everyone before someone died because nothing happened so quickly : ) ''   `` Why am I worried he did not have any choice anyway - maybe his body was already too old for him to even remember anything which made me sad ; perhaps some of his memories were lost when he got home alone again somehow due to an illness caused by a bad dream- ''   `` No more worry though Mr Ripper! It does seem possible since humans always had one option first.. And secondly i ca n ’ t quite explain exactly whats happening right away either ( also please note *that* human brain has been destroyed within 24 hours etc ) As far as my theory goes, anyone living outside of the confines of the space station will likely never see another universe except for those around them whose heads suddenly appear frozen into the void below earth during the same time period while others go flying off floating above themselves randomly among the debris surrounding the ship towards the end of the journey back up close enough that nobody knows whether or NOT humanity existed yet anymore…but surely none of these things really matter anyways – especially considering most people stay alive longer than ever throughout the rest of the voyage through space travel itself being slow compared to normal walking speed limits such as water running down the length of the ocean rather than moving further forward over a single day span unless otherwise noted > After 10 minutes pass 1 hour elapsed 3 minutes passed 2 minutes passed 6 seconds passed 5 seconds passed 8 seconds passed 9 seconds passed 11 seconds passed 12 seconds passed 13 seconds passed 14 seconds passed 15 seconds passed 16 seconds passed 17 seconds passed 18 seconds passed 19 seconds passed 20 seconds passed 21 seconds passed 22 seconds passed 23 seconds passed 24 seconds passed 25 seconds passed 26 seconds passed 27

