... I m sorry but this is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is nt how it works. This is n

ICLE https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentshqwpyouarethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresanewheeloveitsofflyourethebestwriterintheworldandtheyreallgoingtobereasetheresan

ome I m sorry if this is nt what you were looking for but here goes... The first thing that came to mind was that Eddard had been murdered by a group of people who wanted him dead. They were all wearing black suits with white stripes. Eddard looked around at them. There were no signs of struggle or injury. Just some blood loss. He could feel himself getting weaker by the second. Then he noticed something strange. His eyes widened as he saw the blood pooling around him. It was like someone had taken off his helmet. He tried to move away but his legs would nt budge. As soon as he got close enough he realized that he was being pulled back into his own body. He tried to scream but nothing came out. His mouth opened wide and he could hear a faint sound coming from inside. A voice came out. Hello Mr. Bean. How may I help you today I am afraid we have no choice but to take you away from us. We will be taking you back to our headquarters. You will be given a new identity and we will begin your new life as Eddard Stark. What do you mean by that I ve never seen anyone else like you before. How can I help you I m afraid I ca nt tell you exactly. But I promise you that if you ever need anything else please call me. Thank you. Eddard walked over to the door and opened it. Inside was a large room filled with bookshelves. On each shelf was a picture of Eddard Stark. He stared at it for a moment before turning around and walking out of the room. He closed the door behind him and went back inside. When he came back out he found himself staring at a picture of Eddard Stark. He stared at it for a while longer before turning around and walking towards the window. He saw a large group of men standing outside. One of them approached him. Hey Eddard. What s wrong I m sorry to bother you but I think we need to talk. Do you want to come inside or not Sure thing sir. I ll take care of everything. I hope you enjoy your stay. ive been working on this for a while now and

a kid doodling i n a math class accidentally creates the world s first functional magic circle i n centuries. ICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

one call home a day... I m the heat of i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the heat o f i t all... Time t o call home... I m the

The dog u p. I t was a good idea t o keep him quiet for a while longer but then again maybe h e would n t mind i f I did n t come back home. H e was probably just tired o f being around people who were n t his own. But I guess that s what happens when you try t o make friends with someone who does n t really care about you anymore. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who are n t your own. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who are n t your own. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who are n t your own. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who are n t your own. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who are n t your own. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who are n t your own. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who are n t your own. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who are n t your own. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who are n t your own. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who are n t your own. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who are n t your own. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who are n t your own. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who are n t your own. You start t o feel bad for them. They r e probably just tired o f being around people who

before I got here I was a kid. My parents were both doctors and my mom worked at a hospital. She loved her job so much she would take care of me whenever she could. When she came home from work one day she saw me sitting on the couch watching TV. Her eyes widened as she realized what I d done. I looked around the room and saw everyone else staring back at her. Everyone except for one person. He was wearing a black suit with a red tie. His hair was messy and he wore glasses. He smiled at me and said You re going to have to come with us. We ll take you to our house where we can talk about something else. I nodded. As soon as we left the room I heard a loud bang behind me. I turned around and saw him standing there holding a gun. I ran over to him and grabbed his arm. We both fell backwards onto the floor. The man pulled out a knife and stabbed me repeatedly in the chest. I woke up on the ground. There was blood everywhere. I tried to stand up but I could nt move. I felt like I was falling apart. I tried to scream but nothing came out. I started crying. I tried to push myself away from the man but he kept pulling me closer. I could feel myself getting weaker by the second. I started to panic. What if I did nt have any powers What if I was just a normal person who needed help I thought to myself. Then I remembered that I had no powers whatsoever. I started to run towards the door. As I ran I noticed that there was a lot of blood on the ground. I ran toward the window and opened it. There was a huge crowd outside. People were screaming and crying. I ran inside and locked the door behind me. I sat down next to the man who was still holding the knife. I took a deep breath and began to cry.  

Son of a bitch I said as I walked out the door and into the cold night air. It was a cold night but it did nt matter because I knew what was coming next. My heart sank into my stomach as I watched the moonock on the screen. It was a beautiful thing with its bright blue light shining through the clouds. The moonock was made out of some sort of metal that looked like it belonged there. It had been built by some kind of alien race who had just discovered the ability to travel through time and space. They were able to make it work by using their own bodies as fuel and they used it to create new things that could be used for good. However they also used it to create other things that would help them get there. For example one of them used a machine called the Internet to send messages back and forth between themselves and the moonock. This caused the aliens to notice something odd about the message. It read You are the last human alive on Earth. You will die within hours. If you do not comply with our terms you will be executed. Please note that you will not be able to leave this planet until you have completed your mission. If you fail you will be executed. Please note that you will not be able to leave this planet until you have completed your mission. If you fail you will be executed. Please note that you will not be able to leave this planet until you have completed your mission. If you fail you will be executed. Please note that you will not be able to leave this planet until you have completed your mission. If you fail you will be executed. Please note that you will not be able to leave this planet until you have completed your mission. If you fail you will be executed. Please note that you will not be able to leave this planet until you have completed your mission. If you fail you will be executed. Please note that you will not be able to leave this planet until you have completed your mission. If you fail you will be executed. Please note that you will not be able to leave this planet until you have completed your mission. If you fail you will be executed. Please note that you will 

ICLE. I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it is. I ve always had a knack for reading minds. It s like reading a book but with more detail. When I was younger my parents would tell me stories about their childhoods and how they d go out on dates with each other. They said that they loved each other and that they would always be together. That s when things changed. My dad started asking questions about my grades. He said that he did nt know how much I hated him. Then he told me that he thought I was crazy. That I should try to find someone else. And so I did. After a few months of searching I found someone who seemed happy enough to talk to me. She was beautiful. Her hair was blonde and her eyes were bluegreen. She smiled at me and asked if I wanted to come over. We agreed. As soon as we got inside she started talking to me. Hey honey how are you feeling today I asked her. Oh nothing too bad. Just tired. What s wrong with you Well... I guess I should explain. I mean I m not exactly sure how to explain it either. But I think I can tell you that I am a genius. I mean I know that I can read minds but I ca nt really understand why. Because I m not really good at it either. So I try to figure it out. What s your name I asked. My name is John. She replied. Oh right. Well then let s get started. I walked over to her and hugged her tight. We talked for hours until she finally broke down and cried. When we finally got home I told her that I loved her and that I d miss her dearly. She laughed and said that she was sorry. That she was afraid of losing me. That she was afraid of losing me because she knew that I would never leave her side. That I would never forgive myself for leaving her. That I would never love anyone else. That I would never love anyone else. And then she left. I woke up one morning and saw her standing there staring at me. Her face was pale and her lips were red. I 

one thing i do nt understand is why you do this to me. i mean i m not even human. but i think that s because i m just a human being. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m not even a real person. i m just a robot. i m 

etterly I do nt know how to explain it but I think I ve seen my reflection before. It s like looking into a mirror. But instead of seeing your reflection there s nothing else. There s nothing else except for the reflection of myself. And then there s the mirror. It looks like a mirror but instead of seeing your reflection there s nothing else except for the reflection of myself. And then there s the mirror. It looks like a mirror but instead of seeing your reflection there s nothing else except for the reflection of myself. And then there s the mirror. It looks like a mirror but instead of seeing your reflection there s nothing else except for the reflection of myself. And then there s the mirror. It looks like a mirror but instead of seeing your reflection there s nothing else except for the reflection of myself. And then there s the mirror. It looks like a mirror but instead of seeing your reflection there s nothing else except for the reflection of myself. And then there s the mirror. It looks like a mirror but instead of seeing your reflection there s nothing else except for the reflection of myself. And then there s the mirror. It looks like a mirror but instead of seeing your reflection there s nothing else except for the reflection of myself. And then there s the mirror. It looks like a mirror but instead of seeing your reflection there s nothing else except for the reflection of myself. And then there s the mirror. It looks like a mirror but instead of seeing your reflection there s nothing else except for the reflection of myself. And then there s the mirror. It looks like a mirror but instead of seeing your reflection there s nothing else except for the reflection of myself. And then there s the mirror. It looks like a mirror but instead of seeing your reflection there s nothing else except for the reflection of myself. And then there s the mirror. It looks like a mirror but instead of seeing your reflection there s nothing else except for the reflection of myself. And then there s the mirror. It looks like a mirror but instead of seeing your reflection there 

awned and sighed. He was tired of explaining physics to people. He hated explaining it to anyone. He hated explaining it to himself. He hated explaining it to his wife. He hated explaining it to his kids. He hated explaining it to his wife. He hated explaining it to his kids. He hated explaining it to his grandchildren. He hated explaining it to his greatgrandchildren. He hated explaining it to his greatgreatgreatgrandchildren. He hated explaining it to his greatgreatgreatgrandchildren. He hated explaining it to his greatgreatgreatgrandchildren. He hated explaining it to his greatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreat

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first time doing something like this so I apologize if it s bad or anything. Any constructive criticism would be greatly appreciated Edit Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting EDIT Formatting

one year later. I was sitting at my desk when suddenly I heard a loud bang behind me. I looked up to see a man standing there holding a gun. He had a large beard and wore glasses. His eyes were wide open and he had a large scar across his face. What s wrong kid he asked. Nothing just got ta get used to it. I replied. Well you know what I mean. We re all going to die eventually right Yeah yeah. But then why did nt you tell us sooner I asked. Because Ima fucking idiot. He said as he pulled the trigger. My heart sank. This guy was probably some sort of crazy person. Maybe he was trying to convince himself that he was actually dead. Or maybe he just wanted to see how many people would believe him. Either way I knew better than to trust him. So I ran away from home. I never really got used to being alone. It was hard being alone without someone to talk to. But after a while I started getting used to it. I went to school and studied hard. I learned everything I could about the world around me. I even met some amazing people. They all seemed happy enough. Then one day I came across a girl named Sarah. She was beautiful. Her hair was blonde and her face was full of love. She was also kind enough to give me a ride home. We talked for hours. After a while she finally decided to leave. I followed her into the woods where we found ourselves in front of a large building. Inside was a room filled with bookshelves. There were also two chairs and a table. On the table sat a man wearing a black suit. He held a clipboard in front of him. Welcome to the United States of America. I am your new president. You will be given one year to decide whether or not to join us or not. If you choose to join us you will receive a large sum of money. This money will be used to build a new world order. If you choose to join us you will receive a large sum of money. This money will be used to build a new world order. If you choose to join us you will receive a large sum of money 

uckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckle

in the cave I found a small hole with a small hole in it. I guess it s just a hole that has nt been dug in years. I walked over to the hole and dug it up. It looked like it had been dug by some kind of machine or something. There were no signs of life anywhere else except for one thing. A large piece of metal with a red light shining through it. I picked it up and examined it closely. It was a piece of paper with words written on it. I read them aloud. This is your journal. You will never forget this day. Your last words will be remembered forever. Your family will never know how much you loved them or why you did nt come back. Your friends will never know how much you cared about them or even if they ever existed. Your job will never be done. Your life will never be interesting. Your death will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory. Your life will never be anything other than a memory.

ive never seen him before. He s tall with dark hair and a thin mustache. His eyes are wide open and they look like they ve been closed for years. He has a large backpack on him which contains a small amount of money. I do nt know what he wants from me but I ca nt help but feel bad for him. I guess he ll just give up on life after all. The next morning I wake up and see him standing there. He looks like someone who has just died. I try to speak but I ca nt. My mouth is dry and my throat feels like it s going to burst. I look around the room and realize that there s nothing else in sight except for him. I start walking towards him when suddenly I hear someone yelling something about a new guy coming over. I turn around and see him staring at me. Hey buddy what s up What happened I ask. Nothing really. Just got ta get some sleep. You re not supposed to be here. I say. Yeah yeah. Well maybe if you could come over here. He replies. I walk over to him and hug him tight. We both laugh together. I love you too buddy. I say. And then I hear a loud bang behind me. I run outside and look around. There s nothing else in sight except for him. I try to move but I ca nt. My legs feel numb and I ca nt even stand straight anymore. I try to scream but nothing comes out. I try to pull myself together but I ca nt. I try to run but I ca nt. I try to yell but nothing comes out. I try to pull myself together but I ca nt. I try to scream but nothing comes out. I try to pull myself together but I ca nt. I try to scream but nothing comes out. I try to pull myself together but I ca nt. I try to scream but nothing comes out. I try to scream but nothing comes out. I try to scream but nothing comes out. I try to scream but nothing comes out. I try to scream but nothing comes out. I try to scream but nothing comes out. I try to scream but nothing comes out. I

code b umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm... umm...

ikersuckle The hero had won. He knew that he would never win again. But he also knew that he could never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d never lose again. He d

the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the scene the

onymous. I ve never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first submission to rWritingPrompts so any constructive criticism or advice would be greatly appreciated. EDIT Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. Edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added some details about the story. Also added a few more things that were nt mentioned before. edit Added

etter Dad... I m sorry I did nt mean to hurt you. I m so sorry. I love you. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you too. I love you

onymous I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did n

ake it out of my head. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore.

Son of a bitch I screamed as I was dragged from my cell into the cold dark room. My eyes were wide open as I tried to focus on anything else than my own breathing. A loud bang sounded from outside and then silence. A few seconds passed before I heard a voice say You re not going anywhere. What the fuck is going on here I asked myself. A man in a suit walked into the room and sat down next to me. He looked like he had just finished eating breakfast. His hair was combed back into a ponytail and his face was covered in scars. He smiled at me and said You know what this means right I nodded slowly. Yes sir. We will take your name. And then he left. I stood there stunned. How did he know my name I thought to myself. Then I remembered something. There was no way I could ever forget my own name. I did nt even know where I was anymore. I felt so alone. I started walking towards the door when suddenly I heard a loud thud behind me. I turned around and saw a woman standing there holding a knife. She looked scared. I ran over to her and hugged her tightly. We both fell backwards onto the floor. I could feel myself getting weaker by the second. Suddenly I heard someone say Hey honey. Do nt worry about it. Just stay safe. She put her hands behind her head and pulled out a small box. Inside were two pills one blue one green. I took one and swallowed it whole. As soon as I finished swallowing the pill I felt a sharp pain in my chest. I opened my eyes and saw that I was lying on the ground. I tried to move but I could nt. I tried to scream but nothing came out. Then I realized that I was still alive. I started crying. I tried to push myself away but I could nt. I started to cry harder and harder until I finally stopped crying. I closed my eyes and waited for the end. When I opened them again I was laying on the ground. I looked up and saw the sky above

ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE

ive been working here for years now and i still have nt figured out how this works but i guess i ll just give up now. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home. I ve got ta go home

ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE

ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ock

ooking back to reality I saw a large man standing on top of a building with a huge sign on top saying Welcome to Hell. I looked over to see what the hell was going on. It seemed like a dream but it did nt really matter because it was real. I opened my eyes and saw a man wearing a black suit standing next to me. He had a big smile on his face as he spoke. Welcome to Hell. I m sorry for your loss but we ca nt allow you to go. We ll take care of everything else. I nodded slowly. Yeah yeah. Just stay here. He took off his helmet and put it on. As soon as he got inside I heard a loud bang behind me. I turned around to see a woman standing next to me. She was wearing a red dress and her hair was tied back into a ponytail. Her eyes were wide open and she stared straight ahead at me. Welcome to Hell. I smiled and nodded again. I walked over to her and hugged her tightly. You re welcome. She whispered. I felt a warmth in my heart and I knew I should have known better than to ask questions. But I did nt want to talk about it. So I just kept walking. Eventually I reached the end of the road where I saw a small town called New York City. There were people walking around and they seemed happy. They also seemed to be having fun. I decided to follow them. After a few minutes I came across a large building with a sign on top saying Welcome to Hell. I entered and found myself sitting in front of a computer screen. A few seconds later a man in a white lab coat entered. Hello Mr. Smith. How are you feeling today He asked. I shrugged. Good. Well I guess I should tell you something. You re not supposed to talk about anything else. Why Because Ima fucking idiot. I said. Well then let s see what happens next. He said. I stared at him blankly. Then he spoke again. Welcome to Hell. I m sorry for your loss but we ca

ICLE CONTENT https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsqwpyourfavouritepersonhasbeenabandonedbythegovernmentandtheyregoingtobereasonwithitcommentstjzkx context uKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenKarenK

YCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYC

up to this point i had nt had any visions before but they were always so vivid. The first time i saw my dad he looked like he was going to die. He had a big smile on his face and his eyes were wide open. He did nt even look like he was going to die. When i asked him what happened after he died he said that he was going to die in a car accident. That s when i realized that there were no more visions. There were only two people left alive. One was me and the other was a woman named Elizabeth. She was beautiful and she had blonde hair that fell down her back. Her skin was pale and her eyes were bluegreen. They both wore black suits and sunglasses. Elizabeth looked at me with those same blue eyes that she always wore. She smiled and said You re going to need to come with us. We ll take care of everything. I nodded and walked away from her. As soon as i left she started crying. She tried to hold back tears but they just kept coming. Eventually she stopped sobbing altogether and began to walk towards me. I followed her into a small room where there was a table and chairs. She sat down next to me and began to read through the book I had given her. I watched as she began to read. It was called The Book of Life and Death. This is where you will find out what happens when you die. If you ever want to know more about it please check out rTheBookofLife https www.reddit.comrthebookoflife and subscribe to my new subreddit https www.reddit.comrthebookofdeath ivebeenwriting since I was little. Thanks for reading Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do n

uckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckle

ooking at the fingerprint I was surprised to see that it had such a strange texture to it. It looked like some sort of metal alloy with strange patterns on it. The only thing that made sense was how it worked. I did nt know what else to do so I went back inside and opened up the door. Inside was a small room filled with bookshelves filled with pictures of people who had died or were still alive. There were also some other things in the room too. A table with a chair sat next to it. On the table was a large book titled Magic. It read Magic. This was weird because I thought that I d never seen anything like it before. But then again maybe I should ve known better than to try it out myself. After reading through the first few pages I decided to open the book again. This time I found a picture of myself standing next to a man wearing a suit. He smiled at me and said Hey buddy what s up. What s going on You re here because you ve been playing with your magic. That s right. And what are you doing here I asked. Well... I guess I should tell you something. You re not supposed to be here. You ve never been here before. But you re not supposed to be here either. So why am I here Because Ima wizard. I replied. And I m not allowed to use my magic unless I want to die. That s right. Then why am I here Because Ima wizard. I told him. I think I ll go home now. I said. As soon as I left the room I heard footsteps coming closer. They sounded like they came from outside. I turned around and saw a woman standing there holding a small box. She held it up to me and said You can come inside. I nodded. I walked over to her and took the box. Inside was a small notebook and a pen. Inside was a note. It read Magic. I stared at it for a moment before answering. Magic.  

ikers. I do nt know what I expected when I woke up this morning. The room was dark save for the faint glow of my flashlight on the wall. There was nothing else in the room except for a single table and chair. On the table sat a man wearing a black suit with a red tie. He looked at me with those eyes of his that were filled with fear. What s wrong buddy he asked. Nothing just... I replied. You re not supposed to be here. He laughed. Well... maybe it was just a dream. Maybe it was real. Either way I m glad I got out of bed before he got there. As soon as I opened my eyes I saw him standing there. His face was pale and his hair was messy. He wore a white shirt and jeans. His skin was pale and his lips were cracked. He spoke softly into his phone. Hello I said. How are you feeling today he asked. Yeah I replied. Good. I think I ll go check on my friend. He hung up. I walked over to the table and sat down. I put my hands behind my head and stared at the man. I felt bad for him. He had no idea how much pain I was in. But I knew that if I did nt act fast enough he would die. So I took off my helmet and put it on. I closed my eyes and waited for him to come back. When he did I felt something warm against my skin. It was a cold sensation. Then suddenly everything went black. I woke up in a hospital bed. My head hurt. I tried to move but I could nt. I tried to speak but nothing came out. I tried to scream but nothing came out either. I tried to breathe but nothing came out either. Finally after several minutes I managed to speak again. Hey buddy. How s it going I asked. Good. He smiled. I think I might have died. That s right. I told him. I guess I should probably get some rest. I ll call you later. Thanks man. I hung up. I went outside and started walking towards the road. I stopped at a small intersection where I saw a car parked on the side of the road.

Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin

ive been doing this for years now and i still do nt know what to make of it. I ve never really had much experience with the world so I m not sure if this is what I wanted to write but here goes... Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. He s not really a hero but he does have some great powers. His name is Keymaster and he s the one who keeps me company when I need him most. The only problem is that he does nt really care about anyone else. He just wants to get away from me. And then one day he comes up to me and says Hey Keymaster what s up You re not supposed to talk to me like that. I look down at my hands and realize that they re covered in blood. What the hell is wrong with them I ask. Well Keymaster said I could help you out here if you wanted to come along. But I ca nt. I m afraid that s impossible. You re not supposed to talk to me like that. I look up at him. His eyes widen. Oh yeah Well then let s go. We walk down the street together. As we approach the building I hear a loud bang behind us. I turn around and see Keymaster standing there looking confused. Hey buddy what s up You re not supposed to talk to me like that. I look back up at him. His eyes widen. Oh yeah Well then let s go. We walk down the street together. As we approach the building I hear a loud bang behind us. I turn around and see Keymaster standing there looking confused. Hey buddy what s up You re not supposed to talk to me like that. I look back up at him. His eyes widen. Oh yeah Well then let s go. We walk down the street together. As we approach the building I hear a loud bang behind us. I turn around and see Keymaster standing there looking confused. Hey buddy what s up You re not supposed to talk to me like that. I look back up at him. His eyes widen. Oh yeah Well then let s go. We walk down the street together. As we approach the building I hear a loud bang behind us. I turn around and see Key

I m sorry I did nt mean to offend you. I just thought it would be fun to write something that would make sense in my head. Anyway here goes... The man in front of me was tall and thin with dark hair that fell down his back. His eyes were wide open and they seemed to be staring into nothingness. He looked like he d seen something before but never really did. He wore a black suit with an oversized tie and a white shirt that showed off his muscular build. His face was covered in scars from various injuries and illnesses. He spoke slowly. So what do we know about him Well... I began. Well... He started. Well... I guess we ll find out soon enough. But first let me explain myself. Ima human being who has lived through hell and back again. I ve been through hell and back again but never once had I ever felt anything other than pain. My body was always numb from all of these things. When I died I was sent to hell where I spent eternity trying to figure out how to get back home. After some time I finally figured out how to get back to my family. They were all dead except for one man. He was sitting on his bed watching TV. His head was resting against the pillow. He stared at me with those big green eyes. What are you doing here I asked. You re supposed to be dead right now. He replied. That s right. I told him. Then why are you here I asked. Because I need help. He said. I m sorry I did nt mean to offend you. I just thought it would be fun to write something that would make sense in my head. Anyway here goes... The man in front of me was tall and thin with dark hair that fell down his back. His eyes were wide open and they seemed to be staring into nothingness. He wore a black suit with an oversized tie and a white shirt that showed off his muscular build. His face was covered in scars from various injuries and illnesses. He spoke slowly. So what do we know about him Well... I began. Well... I guess we ll find out soon enough. But first let me explain myself. Ima human being who has lived

upvote I m sorry for the formatting errors. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile. I m on mobile.

Son of Zeus I am here to hunt you. Zeus looked at me with his eyes wide open. What are you talking about I asked. You re not supposed to be here. He said. I m sorry but I ca nt let you go. I ve never seen you before. I replied. Well then let s go. He said. We walked into the forest where we were greeted by a huge crowd of people. They all wore black robes and had horns protruding from their heads. They stood there staring at us. I could feel my heart beating faster than ever before. I knew what they wanted from me. I wanted to kill them all. But I also knew that if I did nt kill them soon I would die. So I took off my helmet and put it on. My hands shook as I reached into my pocket and pulled out a small box. Inside were two pills one containing a pill and another containing a pill. Both pills contained a white substance which made them look like blood. I took one pill and swallowed it whole. Then I took another pill and swallowed it whole. After about minutes of swallowing the pill I realized that I had no idea how long I d been asleep. I tried to stand up but my legs were too weak. I fell onto the ground and began to cry. I felt tears welling up in my eyes. I tried to move my arms but they would nt budge. I tried to scream but nothing came out. Finally after several minutes of sobbing I finally managed to get up. I stood up and looked around. There were no other gods in sight. All except for me. I looked down at myself. I was still alive. I smiled. I was happy. I was free. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

okay. I m gon na go ahead and say this. Ima superhero. I ve always been one. And I m not just some guy who happens to be a superhero. Ima hero. Ima villain. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero. Ima hero

ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky

Contents o f this song https www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ Original http www.youtube.comwatch vdQWgXcQ

uckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckle

ive been writing this for a while but i dont know what to do with it so please let me know what you think. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first time doing one of these so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so sorry if it s bad. Edit Formatting and spelling.

Son of a bitch. The Jedi Knight said as he looked at his son. He had never seen his son before but it was clear that he was not alone. There were other Jedi knights around him too. Some of them were older than him some younger than him. But they all wore the same armor. Their faces were covered by thick glasses and their bodies were covered in scars. They all wore the same weapons. Their bodies were covered in tattoos. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their bodies were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered in scars. Their minds were covered

ive been working here for years now and i still have nt gotten used to it. I ve never really had much experience with computers so i m not sure how much longer I can keep up with this shit. The elevator opens to reveal a man holding a large envelope. He looks at you and smiles. Welcome to the eleventyfive degree office. I hope you enjoyed your stay here. If you liked this check out rCelsius Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I hope you enjoyed your stay here. If you liked this check out rCelsius Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I hope you enjoyed your stay here. If you liked this check out rCelsius Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I hope you enjoyed your stay here. If you liked this check out rCelsius Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I hope you enjoyed your stay here. If you liked this check out rCelsius Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I hope you enjoyed your stay here. If you liked this check out rCelsius Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I hope you enjoyed your stay here. If you liked this check out rCelsius Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I hope you enjoyed your stay here. If you liked this check out rCelsius Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I hope you enjoyed your stay here. If you liked this check out rCelsius Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I hope you enjoyed your stay here. If you liked this check out rCelsius Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile

ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky

ive been writing this for a while so please give me some feedback on how I could improve it. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first time responding to a prompt so any constructive criticism would be greatly appreciated Edit Formatting Comments are welcome but please do nt hesitate to ask questions about why I did nt write more in this thread. Criticism would be greatly appreciated EDIT Added some details about the city and its inhabitants. Also added a few more things about how the portal worked. Edited to add more detail on the people who came through. Edited to add more detail on the portal to a fantasylike land opens i n the middle of New York City and exiles start coming through. Edit Formatting Comments are welcome but please do nt hesitate t o ask questions about why I did nt write more i n this thread. Criticism would be greatly appreciated Edit Added some details about the city and its inhabitants. Also added a few more things about how the portal worked. Edited to add more detail o n the people who came through. Edited to add more detail o n the portal to a fantasylike land opens i n the middle of New York City and exiles start coming through. edit formatting Edited to add more detail o n the people who came through. Edited to add more detail o n the portal to a fantasylike land opens i n the middle of New York City and exiles start coming through. edit formatting Edited to add more detail o n the people who came through. Edited to add more detail o n the portal to a fantasylike land opens i n the middle of New York City and exiles start coming through. edit formatting Edited to add more detail o n the people who came through. Edited to add more detail o n the portal to a fantasylike land opens i n the middle of New York City and exiles start coming through. edit formatting Edited to add more detail o n the people who came through. Edited to add more detail o n the portal to a fantasylike land opens i n the middle of New York City and exiles start coming through. edit formatting Edited to add more detail

ive been working on this for a while now and i dont know what to do with it so please let me know what you think. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated EDIT I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here goes... Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated EDIT First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First time posting here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit First

a shadow of a person with no shadow. I was nt sure what to make of it but i did nt want to be here anymore. I had no idea how long i d been living here or even if i d ever see my parents again. My shadow had always been there when i was younger but now it just looked like a monster. It was hard to tell what it looked like without seeing its face. But then again i guess i could have just given up on life after all. Maybe i should try something new. I walked into the room and sat down next to my shadow. He stared at me with those eyes that were filled with fear. What do you want from me he asked. I nodded slowly. Well... I guess i ll give you some advice. Do nt worry about it. You re going to find someone who will love you unconditionally. And then he turned away from me and went back inside. As soon as he left i heard a loud bang behind me. I ran outside and saw the shadow standing there looking at me with those eyes that were filled with fear. What do you want from me he asked. I nodded slowly. Well... I guess i ll give you some advice. Do nt worry about it. You re going to find someone who will love you unconditionally. And then he turned away from me and went back inside. As soon as he left i heard a loud bang behind me. I ran outside and saw the shadow standing there looking at me with those eyes that were filled with fear. What do you want from me he asked. I nodded slowly. Well... I guess i ll give you some advice. Do nt worry about it. You re going to find someone who will love you unconditionally. And then he turned away from me and went back inside. As soon as he left i heard a loud bang behind me. I ran outside and saw the shadow standing there looking at me with those eyes that were filled with fear. What do you want from me he asked. I nodded slowly. Well... I guess i ll give you some advice. Do nt worry about it. You re going

Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller

uckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckle

etterly https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentshqwpyourcureforcancerhasbeengulfedbyanacronymfh context I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... I was just about to finish my shift when suddenly I heard a loud bang behind me. I looked up and saw a man standing over me with his hands behind him. He had a gun pointed directly at my head. You re going to have to help me out here he said. I nodded slowly. I do nt know why I thought he d be able to handle himself. But then again I never really cared about anything else. My job was simple to kill people who were trying to make their way into space. And now here I am. A man who has just killed millions of people. I ca nt believe it s happening. This is the end. The end of humanity. I ve never seen anything like it before. There s nothing else left to do except wait. I waited until the man got closer to me. Then I started running towards him. As soon as I got close enough he pulled the trigger. I fell to the ground. I felt a sharp pain in my chest. I opened my eyes. A woman stood over me. She wore a white dress shirt and jeans. Her hair was tied back into a bun. Her face was covered by a mask. She smiled at me. Welcome back she said. I nodded again. Thank you she replied. I walked away from her. I could hear her breathing. I tried to speak but nothing came out. I felt like I was being watched. I closed my eyes. Then I opened them again. A woman stood next to me. She wore a white dress shirt and jeans. Her hair was tied back into a bun. Her face was covered by a mask. She smiled at me. Welcome back she said. I nodded again. Thank you she replied. I walked away from her. I could hear her breathing. I closed my eyes. Then I opened them again. A woman stood next to me. She wore a white

Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or

one thing I hate about celebrities is that they re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always so fucking cute. They re always

ocky characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o f the unsavoury characters they say death is a lie made b y the government you are one o

updatingcwptheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbytheyearbythe

ooking at the monster in my closet I knew that this was going to be a long night. The monster in my closet was always there when I needed him most. He d come out and stare at me like he was trying to tell me something important or something. But then again I never really cared about monsters anyway. So when he came out and stared at me like he was trying to tell me something important or something I did nt care either way. Then he started talking to himself. Hey buddy what s up You re not supposed to talk to me like that. I m sorry I ca nt help you right now. My name is Jack. And Ima monster hunter. What s your name I asked. Jack nodded slowly. Well... I guess I should say Jack. I mean I ve never seen anyone else like you before. How do you know my name I asked. Jack shrugged. I guess I ll just call myself Jack. I said. Jack laughed. That sounds great. I thought about it for a moment. Then I decided that maybe I should try to find someone else. Maybe I could get rid of this monster. Or maybe I could just leave. Either way I wanted to see what happened next. So I went to bed early that night. When I woke up I saw the monster in my closet staring at me. It was nt even moving. I tried to stand up but I could nt move. I felt like I was falling down. I looked around. There were no other monsters in my closet. I walked over to the window and peeked inside. Nothing. I turned around and saw the monster in my closet staring at me. I ran outside and grabbed my keys. As soon as I got inside I heard a loud crash behind me. I jumped back and saw the monster in my closet running towards me. I ran toward him and grabbed his arm. We both fell backwards onto the floor. I screamed and cried as the monster grabbed me by the neck and pulled me close. I felt a sharp pain in my chest and then everything went black. I awoke in a hospital bed. I was lying on the bed 

Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anyone has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the faint of heart. I do nt think anybody has ever done this before. Coin tosses are not for the

ive never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never done anything like this before. I ve never

uckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckle

ridge I do nt know who you are but I m not going to let that happen again. The Devil looked at me with a look of disgust on his face. You re not supposed to be here. You ve been here since before I was born. And now you re going to kill me. I sighed. This was going to be a long night. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m

omeh The little old man with the beard smiled at me. I felt a strange sensation in my chest and then suddenly it was a strange feeling. Like I had been hit by a truck. It felt like being hit by a car. I tried to move my head but it would nt budge. Then I heard a voice behind me. I turned around to see a young man wearing a white robe standing in front of me. He wore a black hoodie and a pair of jeans. His hair was greasy and he had dark brown eyes. Hello there young man. I said. What s your name The young man nodded. My name is Michael. Michael. How are you doing today Michael asked. Well I m good. I replied. You re going to need some help getting yourself together. Michael laughed. That s right Michael. I ll be right there. He led me down a hallway and into a small room filled with bookshelves. There were several other people in the room too. Some were dressed in black suits others wore white shirts. They all sat down on chairs and stared at me. Michael took off his hoodie and put it on. Michael... Michael. I m sorry to bother you but we ca nt allow you to leave. We have to take care of you. Do nt worry Michael. We ll get you back soon enough. I nodded. Michael walked over to me and placed his hand on my shoulder. Michael... I m sorry to bother you but we ca nt allow you to leave. We have to take care of you. Do nt worry Michael. We ll get you back soon enough. I nodded. Michael walked over to me and placed his hand on my shoulder. Michael... I m sorry to bother you but we ca nt allow you to leave. We have to take care of you. Do nt worry Michael. We ll get you back soon enough. I nodded. Michael walked over to me and placed his hand on my shoulder. Michael... I m sorry to bother you but we ca nt allow you to leave. We have to take care of you. Do nt worry Michael. We ll get you back

icator What does n t kill m e has made a tactical error. ICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

one wish I wish to be the adult my younger self imagined me to be. This genie was not exactly like any other genie I had ever seen. He had a long beard and wore glasses that looked like they were made out of glass. His eyes were wide open and he stared at me with those same eyes that he always used when he wished for me. I could see his mouth move as if he were trying to speak but his voice was muffled by his glasses. I thought about asking him what he meant by that but decided against it. After all if I wanted to be an adult then I d need to learn how to use my powers properly. So I did. When I got home I took off my glasses and put them on. My parents were both shocked by what they saw. They said that they had never seen anything like it before. That s when I realized that I could use my powers to help people. They told me that if I could help them I d be able to make them happy again. That s when I started thinking about how much money I could make off selling drugs. How many people would want to buy drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from me How many people would want to sell drugs from

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first submission to rWritingPrompts and I hope it s okay. Any constructive criticism or advice would be greatly appreciated Edit Formatting Comments are welcome but please do nt judge me. Criticism is always appreciated EDIT Added some more details about the demon. It s been around since the beginning of time and has nt changed much since then. The only thing that changed was the way he looked at people. He d look at them with those eyes of his and then he d stare back at me. When I first started here I thought it was just some sort of joke but after seeing him around I realized that he was actually pretty cool. He had a lot of friends who knew him and they all liked him. They also liked to talk about how they used to be able to talk to each other. One day while walking down the street one of them asked me if I wanted to go back home. I told him yes and he agreed. After we got into our car I drove off. As soon as I arrived home I saw him sitting on the couch watching TV. His face was covered by a layer of dirt and dust. He looked like he d been through hell before. I sat down next to him and asked What happened to your parents I mean they died when I was young. How long have you known them I guess they were both dead when I was born. Well... I guess I should say they died when I was younger too. But I still remember them vividly. They were always there for me whenever I needed them. They made sure I got along with everyone else and helped me find happiness. And then one day I came across someone who seemed familiar. She was beautiful. Her hair was blonde and her skin was pale. She wore a blue dress shirt and jeans and she smiled at me as she walked towards me. Hey honey. How s it going I asked. Good. She replied. So what s your name I asked. Her smile widened

a day... I awoke in my bed with a start and a look of panic on my face. The room was dark save for the light from the window above me. I looked around the room trying to figure out where I was. There was nothing. No one else was there. No one was alive. My heart sank. I could nt move. I could nt breathe. I could nt even speak. I felt like I was falling apart. I tried to stand up but my legs were stuck in place. I tried to scream but nothing came out. I tried to push myself away but my arms were too weak. I tried to run but my legs were too weak. I tried to yell but nothing came out. I tried to cry but nothing came out. I tried to breath but nothing came out. I tried to breath but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breath but nothing came out. I tried to breath but nothing came out. I tried to breath but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out. I tried to breathe but nothing came out

ooking at the old man in front of me I realized that I was in a beggar s body. I looked down at my feet and noticed that they were missing some of their toes. I looked back up at the old man who was staring at me with those big brown eyes. He then turned around and walked away from me into the street. I followed him out of the alleyway and into the cold winter night. As we got closer to our destination I noticed something odd about the old man. His clothes were all torn and dirty. They seemed to be made out of some sort of material that looked like leather. But when I tried to look closer I could see nothing wrong with them. After a few minutes I decided to ask him what happened. He told me that he had been working on something for years now and that he needed to get rid of his clothes. I asked him how long he d been working on it and he said that he never really knew why he did it. Then I heard it. A loud bang followed by a flash of light. I ran outside and saw the old man standing there looking at me with those big brown eyes. I quickly grabbed my bag and started running towards him. As soon as I reached him I felt something warm against my skin. It was a small piece of paper. It read Santa Claus. I opened it up and read the words on it. This is your ticket to heaven. Please take care of yourself. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

uckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckle

Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentszbwwpyouaregoingtobeachcqjk Original post here http www.reddit.comrWritingProm

a day o f my n t theme Theme fast carsICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONTENT Day D o you want t o know what happens when you drive a fast carICLE CONT

ansky The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had been years since the sun was destroyed by its own rays and it was time for it to die. The champion was created by the sun. It had

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first time writing something like this so any constructive criticism or advice would be greatly appreciated. EDIT I m sorry if this is nt what you were looking for but I figured I d give it a shot. Hope you enjoy Edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice with it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. EDIT I m sorry if this is nt what you were looking for but I figured I d give it a shot. Hope you enjoy Edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice with it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice with it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice with it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice with it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice with it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice with it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice with it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice with it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice with it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice with it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice with it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice with it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. edit First time posting here and I really wanted to get some practice

Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin Teller Coin T

uckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckle

ocky I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it

awn. I was born on April th. My parents had always told me that tattoos were just a way to show off their loved ones. They said that if you had one then it would be a big deal. But I did nt care. I wanted to be able to see my parents again. So I went out into the world. I met a lot of people who looked exactly like me. Some were pretty cool some were pretty lame. But most of them were just plain stupid. One day while walking down the street I saw a man wearing a black suit and tie. He had a big smile on his face as he approached me. Hey buddy. What s up. How are you feeling today Yeah I replied. You re good. Just got ta keep moving forward. You ll find out soon enough. Thanks. Well I guess we should go home now. We can talk later. Yeah sure. Let s head out. As soon as we got inside I grabbed my keys and headed towards the door. When I opened it I noticed that there were two people sitting around me. One of them was wearing a white shirt and jeans while the other wore a black suit. Both wore glasses and had dark hair. They both smiled at me and gave me a reassuring smile. Welcome to the party. I said. The man in the black suit nodded and walked away. I followed him into the room where he sat down. Hey buddy. What s up. How are you feeling today Yeah I replied. You re good. Just got ta keep moving forward. You ll find out soon enough. Thanks. Well I guess we should go home now. We can talk later. Yeah sure. Let s head out. As soon as we got inside I grabbed my keys and headed towards the door. When I opened it I noticed that there were two people sitting around me. One of them was wearing a white shirt and jeans while the other wore a black suit. Both wore glasses and had dark hair. They both smiled at me and gave me a reassuring smile. Welcome to the party. I said. The man in the black suit nodded and walked

ooking at my bed I groaned. I m not sure what was going on but I could nt help it. I had just woken up from a nightmare and was nt even sure how long I d been asleep. I tried to move my arms but they were tied together by some sort of rope. I looked around the room and saw nothing out of place except for a small table and chair that sat on top of it. I sat down next to the chair and took a deep breath. It felt like hours until I finally realized what was happening. My heart sank into my stomach. This was nt normal. I knew this was nt real. But then again I never really thought about it before. So why did nt I tell anyone I knew I asked myself. Maybe they d believe me anyway. After a few minutes of thinking I decided to ask around again. What s wrong I asked. Nothing. Just... nothing. Nothing. I replied. Well maybe if I told someone else they d believe me too. Maybe they wo nt believe me either. I guess I ll just wait until tomorrow morning. I said. That night I slept soundly. When I woke up I found myself staring at the ceiling. There was no light source anywhere else except for the window which was open. I walked over to the window and stared at it for a while longer before turning off the lights. I opened the door and stepped inside. A man stood in front of me wearing a black suit and tie. He smiled and waved his hand. Welcome to the afterlife. I said. How may I help you today he asked. Oh yeah I replied. Well I guess we re all dead right I mean I guess we can call it hell. I said. Yeah yeah. I guess so. I said. So what brings you here today he asked. Well I mean I ve got some bad news. I answered. Oh yeah I guess I forgot to mention that I m not really dead anymore. I explained. Well then let s get started. I said. I went through some things while I was here. First off

of the world is nt ready for us to know what we know. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to live. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do nt want to be here anymore. I do

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first submission to this sub so I apologize if it s bad or anything. Also sorry for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit First time posting here and I m not sure how much longer I can keep going. EDIT First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I can keep going. edit First time posting here and I m not sure how long I

Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments Off on How to be a Canadian in the modern era Comments

Original post https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

ockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyockyock

ooking at the bong i realized that i had never seen anything like it before. I tried to focus on the bong but it just kept getting louder. The alien s eyes widened as they realized what i was seeing. A giant metal bong in my hand. It was like i d never seen anything like it before. I looked around the room but there were no aliens. No humans either. Just me and my bong. The alien s eyes widened as they realized what i was seeing. A giant metal bong in my hand. It was like i d never seen anything like it before. I looked around the room but there were no aliens. No humans either. Just me and my bong. The alien s eyes widened as they realized what i was seeing. A giant metal bong in my hand. It was like i d never seen anything like it before. I looked around the room but there were no aliens. No humans either. Just me and my bong. The alien s eyes widened as they realized what i was seeing. A giant metal bong in my hand. It was like i d never seen anything like it before. I looked around the room but there were no aliens. No humans either. Just me and my bong. The alien s eyes widened as they realized what i was seeing. A giant metal bong in my hand. It was like i d never seen anything like it before. I looked around the room but there were no aliens. No humans either. Just me and my bong. The alien s eyes widened as they realized what i was seeing. A giant metal bong in my hand. It was like i d never seen anything like it before. I looked around the room but there were no aliens. No humans either. Just me and my bong. The alien s eyes widened as they realized what i was seeing. A giant metal bong in my hand. It was like i d never seen anything like it before. I looked around the room but there were no aliens. No humans either. Just me and my bong. The alien s eyes widened as they realized what i was seeing. A giant metal bong in my

ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ocky.ock

one of the most important things about killing someone is that they are nt going to know what you did. They wo nt even know if it was really me or not. I mean I guess I could have killed a lot more people but it s not like I could ever get rid of them. So instead I decided to go through with it. I went through with it because I knew that if I killed someone I would be able to learn their secrets. That s why I made sure that everyone knew what I did. It made sense because I knew that if I killed someone I would be able to learn their secrets too. But then again I did nt really want to learn anything about myself. I wanted to learn about the world around me. I wanted to learn about everything. And so I started learning. I learned everything about myself. About my family. About my friends. About my job. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. 

... I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that

Son of God I m sorry but you ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this anymore. You ca nt do this

... What s the verdict on the case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case of the food court case

akey I m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i m not sure what you re talking about but i

ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people of Earth to decide the next God.ock. God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the

ecomment http www.youtube.comwatch vYqFqWgQ The following is a transcript from the first message from me in years. This was sent by my mother who had just died from a heart attack while she was working on her computer. She said that she loved me back then but she did nt know how much longer I could live without her. Her words were so sweet and innocent that they made me feel like I belonged here. When I first heard them I thought they were just some kind of joke. But after a while I realized that they were real. They were real enough that I could talk to them without having to worry about getting caught. Then one day while walking home from school I saw something strange. A man wearing a black suit walked into the room and looked at me with his eyes wide open. He smiled and said You re welcome. I nodded and he led me inside. There was no way I could tell what he meant by that. After we entered the house I sat down next to him and began to speak. Hello son. How are you feeling today Well I guess I ll just go ahead and say that I m fine. I m not really sure why I m here but I think I need to get some rest. You know how hard it is to find someone who knows how to rap right Yeah yeah. That s why I m here. To help you find your way home. And I hope you enjoy yourself. ive been trying to write something down for a while but i cant seem to find the right words. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

a story that seems normal o n first sight except for one small detail that makes i t extremely creepy o n a more careful reading W P ICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

... Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe a single strike b y the greatest warrior i n all the land Describe

one day i woke up and looked around at my surroundings. there were people everywhere. people who looked like me. people who had their faces covered by masks. people who seemed to be holding guns. people who seemed to be looking at me with fear. people who were staring at me with pity. people who were looking at me with disgust. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with disgust. people who were looking at me with disgust. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. people who were looking at me with pity. 

ooking for the first sentence means something totally different than the last b y the end o f the story. I m not sure i f this i s what you were looking for but here i s i t. The first sentence means something totally different from the last b y the end o f the story. I m not sure i f this i s what you were looking for but here i s i t. The first sentence means something totally different from the last b y the end o f the story. I m not sure i f this i s what you were looking for but here i s i t. The first sentence means something totally different from the last b y the end o f the story. I m not sure i f this i s what you were looking for but here i s i t. The first sentence means something totally different from the last b y the end o f the story. I m not sure i f this i s what you were looking for but here i s i t. The first sentence means something totally different from the last b y the end o f the story. I m not sure i f this i s what you were looking for but here i s i t. The first sentence means something totally different from the last b y the end o f the story. I m not sure i f this i s what you were looking for but here i s i t. The first sentence means something totally different from the last b y the end o f the story. I m not sure i f this i s what you were looking for but here i s i t. The first sentence means something totally different from the last b y the end o f the story. I m not sure i f this i s what you were looking for but here i s i t. The first sentence means something totally different from the last b y the end o f the story. I m not sure i f this i s what you were looking for but here i s i t. The first sentence means something totally different from the last b y the end o f the story. I m not sure i f this i s what you were looking for but here i s i t. The first sentence means something totally different from the last

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first submission to rWritingPrompts so any constructive criticism or advice would be greatly appreciated. EDIT Added some more details on the story and added some more details about the characters. The main character is a young man named Harry Potter who lives in a small town in England. He has no family and his parents died when he was young. His mother was killed by a drunk driver while driving home from work. Her body was found with blood pooling around her. She had been stabbed multiple times and she fell down onto the ground. Her head was covered in blood and she was bleeding profusely from her nose and mouth. Her eyes were closed and she could barely see anything. Her mouth was open and she had no tongue. Her hands were tied behind her back and she had no teeth. The only thing that made sense was that she must have been dead because she did nt move. But then again maybe she just wanted to die. Maybe she was just tired of living. Either way it does nt matter anymore. All that matters is that she died. Edit Added some more details on the story and added some more details about the characters. The main character is a young man named Harry Potter who lives in a small town in England. He has no family and his parents died when he was young. His mother was killed by a drunk driver while driving home from work. Her body was found with blood pooling around her. She had been stabbed multiple times and she fell down onto the ground. Her eyes were closed and she could barely see anything. Her mouth was open and she had no tongue. Her hands were tied behind her back and she had no teeth. The only thing that made sense was that she must have been dead because she did nt move. But then again maybe she just wanted to die. Maybe she just wanted to die. Either way it does nt matter anymore. All that matters is that she died. Edit Added some more details on the story and added some more details about the

a mouse pointer moved across my field o f vision right click and delete an object. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had been moving across my field o f vision for quite some time now. I t was n t until later that day when i realized that this mouse had