... I m sorry but this is nt what I wanted. This was my idea. The director looked at me with tears streaming down his face as he said it. You re not going to get any more money from this movie. You ve got ta go back home. And so I did. I went back home and sat down next to him on the couch. We talked about our lives together how we d met each other when we were younger how we d grown apart how we d lost touch. Then one day while walking through the streets of New York City I saw him sitting there looking up at me with those eyes that were filled with sadness. His face turned red and he started crying too. When I asked why he told me that he did nt want to be around anymore. That s right. I told him that I loved him. That I would always love him. And then he laughed. I felt bad for him because I knew that he d never understand why I hated him. But I also knew that I needed to tell him something. Something important. Something that would change everything. So I took a deep breath and walked away. As soon as I left the room I heard footsteps coming closer. They sounded like someone knocking on the door. I ran inside and opened the door. There was no one else in there except for the man who stood there staring at me. Hey buddy. What s wrong I asked him. Nothing. Just... just stay here. Do nt worry. We ll figure things out eventually. Just stay here. I nodded. Okay. Thanks. I followed him outside and closed the door behind us. After a few minutes I decided to take a walk around town. It seemed like every single person in town had their own little secret Santa Claus. Some people even wore masks or something. Others just kept walking towards me. Eventually I reached a small park where I found myself standing in front of a large building. Inside was a woman wearing a white dress shirt and jeans. She held a clipboard in her hand and she spoke softly. Hello. My name is  

ive never written before but this is my first time doing one so please give me some feedback I m not sure if it s good or bad. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit for more stories Edit First post here hope you enjoy EDIT Added some details on the plot and characters. Also added a few other things that were nt really important to the story. The main character is a man named John Doe who has lived his whole life in New York City. He has no family or friends and he does nt even know where he came from. His parents died when he was young and his brother left him behind after they lost their job at the factory. John Doe lives alone with his mother and father who are both dead from cancer. They re also very depressed because they ca nt afford food anymore and they have no idea what they ll do next. So instead of trying to make sense of everything John decides to start writing again. He starts off by saying that he loves his job and that he wants to be an artist. After a few months of writing John realizes that he needs to find someone else to share his pain with. Someone who will understand him. Someone who will care about him. And then he meets her. She looks like she could use some help. Her hair is blonde and her eyes are blue. She smiles at him as she walks towards him. Hey babe. How s it going You look great today. Yeah yeah. Just got ta keep moving forward. Well I guess we should go home now. We can talk later. Sure thing honey. Let s head down. As soon as they enter the house John sees her standing there staring at him. What are you doing here Why did you leave me behind John asks himself. Because Ima fucking idiot. I thought you would come back. I thought you d be better off without me. Why Because I love you. And I need you to understand why I left you behind. Because I hate you. Because I want you to know that I love you too. Because I need you to understand that I love you too. Because I  

awned the sun and put on his coat. It was cold outside but he could still feel the warmth of the sun on his skin. He walked towards the door and opened it. Inside were two men dressed in black suits and sunglasses. One wore a red tie and blue jeans while the other wore a white shirt. Both had dark hair and green eyes. They looked like they d seen something special before. The man who spoke first spoke up. You re not going anywhere. We ve got ta go. I m sorry sir but we ca nt let you go. This is nt right. You know what happens if you do nt want to die. And then there s this guy who says he ll take care of everything. But why would he want to kill me Because Ima good person. A good man who loves his family and friends. And he does nt deserve to live anymore. So... what do you think I should say to him Well... I guess I ll just tell him that I love him. That I hope he does nt mind if I come back. Maybe he wo nt notice. Or maybe he will. Either way I promise you I will make sure you never see me again. He turned around and headed toward the exit. As soon as he got there he stopped dead in his tracks. His head hurt from all the pain. He tried to stand up but he fell onto the ground. He felt a sharp pain in his chest. Then suddenly he heard footsteps coming closer. He looked down at himself. His hands were shaking. He knew exactly where he was. There was blood everywhere. He ran over to where he saw the man sitting. He looked up at him. Hey buddy. How s it going He asked. Yeah great. What happened to your hand He replied. Oh nothing too bad. Just a little bit of a shock. I guess. Well I mean I guess I should probably explain myself. I was walking home from work one night when I saw someone walking by. She looked familiar. Her name was Sarah. She smiled at him. Hi Sarah. How are you feeling today  

onymous. I was sitting on my desk when suddenly the doorbell rang. I looked up from my work and saw the boy standing there looking down at me with those big green eyes that were always so full of wonderment. What s wrong kid he asked. Nothing just got ta get some sleep. You re going to need it soon. I replied. Yeah sure thing buddy. Let s go. As we walked away from our classroom I noticed something strange about him. His hands were shaking uncontrollably as if they had been beaten by some kind of force or something. It seemed like someone had taken them off their feet and placed them back into place. Then again maybe this was nt such an odd occurrence after all. After a few minutes of walking around the room I finally came across something that made sense. There was no way that this guy could have created anything else than a simple circle. And yet here we are. This is nt normal. This is nt even human. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real. This is nt real

Klaxons sounded in the distance. The battle had been going on for what seemed like hours now. The enemy had taken out most of our ships and we were losing ground by the minute. We could nt even get close enough to see them before they got too close. They were looking at us from above. Their eyes were wide open. What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca nt get close enough to see them What do you mean we ca n

ock. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p. The dog u p

I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here goes... The man finally discovered his superpower.... Well into his s. His parents were both doctors and they had always been good at their jobs. They d never really talked about it before but when they did talk about it they seemed to be able to figure out how to use it. It took him years to get used to it though. He spent most of his time studying medicine and chemistry and eventually became a doctor. After that he started working at a hospital where he met his wife. She was beautiful and smart and she loved him unconditionally. When they married they moved into a small apartment together and lived happily ever after. But then one day he saw something strange on TV. A woman wearing an expensive suit walked into the room. Her hair was pulled back into a bun and her eyes were wide open. What are you doing here she asked. You re supposed to be here for a few days. I ve got some news. My name is Dr. James Fenton. I am an expert in the field of superpowers and I will tell you everything about myself. I replied. So why do nt we go inside and talk about our lives together. She said. We ll see each other soon enough. As we entered the house I noticed that there was no one else around. There was only me and my wife. We sat down next to each other and began talking. How long have you known me I asked. About two weeks now. She answered. That s great. Let s get started. I told her. We went inside and started walking towards the door. When we reached the front door I opened it and stepped inside. Inside was a large room filled with people. Everyone was dressed up like they belonged there. Some were wearing masks others wore costumes. One guy had a gun pointed directly at my head. He pulled it away from my chest and put his hand on my shoulder. Do nt worry about me. Just stay calm. He whispered. I nodded. Good luck. I closed the door behind us and turned around to face him. He stood there staring at me. His face was blank. Then he spoke again. So you re telling me that you

year ago. This was nt the first time I d been there. It s not like I had any friends or family left but this was definitely my last. My parents always told me that if you were going to die on Earth then maybe it would be better off living in space instead of on Earth. They said that they did nt want me to go through all these trials and tribulations alone. So when they asked me out on a date I agreed. We went out to dinner together after work and we talked about our lives together. After we finished eating I looked up at them. You re right I m sorry. But I ca nt let you live forever. If you ever need anything just call me. I ll take care of everything. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin  

onymous is a very interesting concept and i m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes. I ve been working on it since i was a kid and my parents always told me that i should never trust anyone else. They said that i could nt trust myself either so they gave me some advice on how to get rid of them. First off there are no faults in humans. Second they re all just idiots who think that they can change everything by using their minds instead of using theirs. Thirdly they do nt know how much longer we ll last without them. Fourthly they ca nt even understand English. Fifthly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. Sixthly they wo nt ever learn how to speak English. Seventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. Eighthly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. Ninthly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. Tenthly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own language. eleventhly they wo nt ever understand anything other than our own

etterly I m not sure how to format this so please forgive me if it s bad. It was nt exactly what I expected but it worked out pretty well. The mirror showed me my reflection and my future soulmate. My reflection showed me myself as a young man who had just graduated college with no real aspirations or goals. His hair was long and greasy his eyes were dark brown and he wore glasses that looked like they belonged on someone else. He smiled at me as he walked away from the mirror. Hey buddy what s up What happened to your reflection I asked him. Well... he said as he turned around. He started walking towards me. I could feel myself getting closer and closer to him. I felt something in my chest. Something that made me want to cry. But then again maybe I should have known better than to try and stop him. Maybe I should have listened to him instead of trying to convince myself that I was going crazy. Maybe I should have stayed home instead of going back to school. Maybe I should have gone to college instead of working at a local coffee shop. Maybe I should have gotten married instead of having kids instead of having children. Maybe I should have died instead of living forever. Maybe I should have gone to college instead of getting married instead of having kids instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children instead of having children

... The year is. Adolf Hitler was born in Germany on December th. His parents were both doctors so they had never really cared about him but when he turned he began working at a hospital where he met his wife who worked as an intern. She loved him dearly and would often tell him stories about how she used to work here before the war. After all it s not like she could ever know what happened to her husband right So she decided to leave him alone until he got older. As soon as she left he started talking about how much fun he d have if he went back home. He said that he wanted to see his family again and that they needed to find someone else. That night he went downstairs and sat down next to his mother. She looked up from her book and smiled. You re going to love this she said. Her eyes lit up as she saw him standing there looking at her with those big green eyes. What are you doing here she asked. Well I m trying to figure out why everyone keeps telling me that Ima genius. It s because I m not. And then he laughed. Oh yeah Well maybe if you d just listen to me for once you d understand. Adolf Hitler was born in Germany on December th. His parents were both doctors so they had never really cared about him but when he turned he began working at a hospital where he met his wife who worked as an intern. She loved him dearly and would often tell him stories about how she used to work here before the war. Finally after several months of talking about how much fun he d have if he went back home she decided to leave him alone until he got older. As soon as she left he started talking about how much fun he d have if he went back home. He said that he wanted to see his family again and that they needed to find someone else. That night he went downstairs and sat down next to his mother. She looked up from her book and smiled. You re going to love this she said. Her eyes lit up as she saw him standing there looking at her with those big green eyes. What are you doing here she asked. Well I m trying to figure out why everybody keeps telling me that Ima genius. It s because I

Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Spelling and grammar. I hope you enjoyed it. If you liked this check out my subreddit rSyraphia where I post all of my stories there. https www.reddit.comrSyraphiacommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveachievedacademycwjk See Also http www.reddit.comrSyraphiacommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveachievedacademycwjk References http www.reddit.comrSyraphiacommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveachievedacademycwjk References http www.reddit.comrSyraphiacommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveachievedacademycwjk References http www.reddit.comrSyraphiacommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveachievedacademycwjk ive been writing this for a while now but i cant seem to find the right words to describe what happened next. I do nt know how long i ve been here or why but when i first started reading this i thought it was just some sort of joke or something. Then i realized that there were other people who had similar experiences as mine. They all seemed happy enough to go home after work and then come back to bed at night. But after a few days they started getting sicker and sicker. One guy got worse than the rest and he died instantly. Another one went insane and died in his sleep. And finally there was me. Ima doctor by trade. My job is simple to save lives. To make sure everyone gets better. To keep them safe. To help them survive. And most importantly to keep them sane. So I did. When I came across him he looked exactly like me except he had dark hair and blue eyes. He wore glasses and a hat and had a big smile on his face. His skin was pale and wrinkled and his lips were crooked. He smiled back

ockyYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYC

one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two three... one two 

a man with brown hair and blue eyes walks up to me. He looks familiar but i ca nt place him. I try to move my head but it s too heavy. The man says something in a language i do nt understand but i can tell he knows English. What s your name I ask him. My name is James. Ima year old male from New York City who died during a nuclear blast in. I m not sure why but when i woke up today i felt like i had been dead for years. It took me a while to realize that there were no people left alive. There were only two other people left alive. One was an old man who lived alone and another was a young woman who worked at a local grocery store. Both men looked exactly alike except for one thing. Their faces were blank. They did nt seem to notice anything else than themselves. James said You re going to need some help getting out of here. I nodded slowly. Yeah yeah. Just give me a moment. I ll be right there. I walked over to James and put my hand on his shoulder. Hey James. How are you feeling today I asked. Good. Well... well... James began. I guess we should go home now. We can talk later. I went outside and started walking towards the house. As soon as I reached the front door I heard footsteps coming closer. I turned around and saw James standing there staring at me. He stared at me for a moment before turning back around and running away. I followed him into the kitchen where I found myself sitting on the couch watching TV. A few minutes later I heard a loud bang behind me. I jumped up and ran toward the window. I opened it and saw James lying on the floor bleeding profusely. I grabbed his arm and pulled him close. James... I whispered. James... I love you. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

oudly Edit Grammar and spelling Comments Off on how to improve my writing skills I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here goes... EDIT Formatting and spelling Disclaimer This is my first time doing something like this so please forgive any mistakes. Also sorry for the formatting errors. The following was written by uLunaLovewell http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentshqwpyourfirsttimesthecgjkfzd context. It s been years since then and I still ca nt get used to it. My parents told me that when I was young that I d be able to write better than anyone else but now Ima teenager and I do nt know what to expect from them. They said that I would never have any friends or family and that they would always try to make me feel better about myself. So here I am sitting in front of my computer trying to figure out how to improve myself without being too harsh on myself. I ve tried everything from changing my name to making myself look like someone else but nothing works. I guess I ll just give up now. I hope someone finds this helpful. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites https www.reddit.comrMatiWrites See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentshqwpyourfirsttimethecgjkfzd context. It s been years since then and I still ca nt get used to it. My parents told me that when I was young that I d be able to write better than anyone else but now Ima teenager and I do nt know what to expect from them. They said that I would never have any friends or family and that they would always try to make me feel better about myself. So here I am sitting in front of my computer trying to figure out how to improve myself without being too harsh on myself. I ve tried everything from changing my name to making myself look like someone else but nothing works. I guess I ll just give up now. I hope someone finds this helpful. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMati

ake up and get ready for the day. I wake up to the sound of my alarm clock. It s am and the sun is shining through the window illuminating my room. I look around at everyone else in the room. Everyone except me. My parents were sitting on their bed watching TV while I sat down on my chair. They both stared at me blankly. What do you think I asked. You re not supposed to ask questions like that. He replied. Well... maybe if we could talk about something else. Maybe we can figure out where we are. I said. Yeah yeah. We ll see each other soon enough. He smiled at me. So what happened today I asked. Nothing really. Just some things that happened yesterday. He laughed. Oh yeah Well I guess you should probably start by saying that you ve never seen anyone like me before. That s right. And then he turned away from me. I stood there frozen. How did he know about my secret I thought. Why would he want to know about mine I tried to speak but nothing came out. Then suddenly I heard a voice behind me. Hey buddy. Are you okay I asked. Yes sir. He answered. I ran over to him and hugged him tight. I love you too. He whispered. I kissed him on the cheek. Goodbye. I closed my eyes and let go of him. When I opened them again everything seemed normal. Everything was perfect. Except for one thing. There was no one else in the room besides us. No one else knew who I was or why I was here. All I knew was that I needed help. Someone who would listen. Someone who would give me advice. Someone who would take care of me. Someone who would protect me. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

uckle I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes. The hero had been fighting crime since he was young and his powers were amazing. He could fly around the world in a matter of seconds without being caught by anyone or even getting hurt. But then again he did nt really know how to use his powers properly either. When he first started out he used his powers for good. He would go out with friends and play games together. One day while playing a video game he saw someone who looked exactly like him walking towards him. She had blonde hair and blue eyes. Her skin was pale and her face was covered in scars. She said she loved him too much to leave her side. So he went over to her house and asked her if she wanted to come inside. After all she d never seen him before right So he agreed. As soon as they entered she took off running into the kitchen where she found herself sitting on the couch watching TV. A few minutes later she heard a knock at the door. She opened it and saw that there was no one else inside. She ran outside and jumped into the air. She landed on the ground and began crying. She tried to run away but she could nt move. She felt like she was falling apart. Then suddenly she realized that she was actually floating above the ground. She looked down and saw that she was floating above the ground. She slowly turned around and saw that she was standing next to a large rock. She stared at it for a moment before realizing that it was a meteorite. She began to cry harder. What happened she thought. There was nothing left for us to do except wait. Eventually she decided to try to get up and walk towards the rock. She grabbed onto the rock and pulled herself up. She walked slowly through the woods until she came across a clearing where a large tree stood. She sat down and began to read the newspaper. As she finished reading the headline she noticed something strange. A meteorite fell from the sky. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always

ock. I m sorry if this is nt exactly what you were looking for but i hope it s okay. The first thing that came to mind was how much fun we had playing as kids. We d always play together and laugh at each other s jokes and we would always be able to get along well enough without having to worry about getting hurt or killed by someone else. But then again maybe it was just because Ima little older than you. Maybe its because Ima bit younger than you too. Either way it does nt matter anymore. My parents are dead and my brother has moved away from home. He wo nt see me anytime soon so I guess he ll have to move on with his life. So here I am sitting in front of my computer trying to figure out how to get back into shape. It seems like every day I wake up I feel more tired than usual. Then suddenly I hear a loud bang behind me. I look around and see nothing wrong with my room. There s no windows or doors. Just a single light bulb hanging from the ceiling. I turn off the lights and walk over to where it came from. It looks like someone had broken into my house. I run inside and grab my keys and head outside. As soon as I step outside I notice something strange. The air smells like smoke and ash. I start walking towards the door when I hear another bang behind me. I run toward the window and open it. A man wearing a black suit walks in and says Hey buddy what s going on You re awake. What do you want I ask him. He smiles and nods. Well... he begins. How did you get in here I ask. Oh yeah I forgot about you. You know what I mean. He replies. Yeah well I guess I should tell you something. I ve never seen anyone else before. And why would I ever want to go back I ask. Because Ima genius. He laughs. That sounds great. Let s go. I follow him. When we reach our destination I find myself standing outside a large building. Inside there s a huge crowd gathered around a table. Everyone is eating and talking. One person sits down next to me. Hey man how 

ICLE. The following i s a transcript o f the original text of this post http www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyourstoryisintheyearandthelastoneofusbyyourcqzk context The following i s a transcript o f the original text o f this post http www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyourstoryisintheyearandthelastoneofusbyyourcqzk context The following i s a transcript o f the original text o f this post http www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyourstoryisintheyearandthelastoneofusbyyourcqzk context The following i s a transcript o f the original text o f this post http www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyourstoryisintheyearandthelastoneofusbyyourcqzk context The following i s a transcript o f the original text o f this post http www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyourstoryisintheyearandthelastoneofusbyyourcqzk context The following i s a transcript o f the original text o f this post http www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyourstoryisintheyearandthelastoneofusbyyourcqzk context The following i s a transcript o f the original text o f this post http www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyourstoryisintheyearandthelastoneofusbyyourcqzk context The following i s a transcript o f the original text o f this post http www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyourstoryisintheyearandthelastoneofusbyyourcqzk context The following i s a transcript o f the original text o f this post http www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyourstoryisintheyearandthelastoneofusby

ock. I never knew what it was like to die but I always wanted to be one of those people who would nt mind going through some pretty rough times and then just getting back on track with everything else. My parents were always there for me when I needed them most. They were always there when I wanted them most. When they died they would come visit me at home and tell me how much they loved me. But now... well... I guess I ll just have to wait until tomorrow morning. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling

ooking back into the present i could nt help but feel like i had been there for too long. I looked down at my hands. They were shaking. My fingers felt numb. My head hurt. My vision blurred. And then suddenly everything went black. I woke up in an unfamiliar room. It was dark outside. A small table sat on top of it. On the table was a note. It read Dear Mr. and Mrs. Smith We regret to inform you that your son has passed away from cancer. Please take care of him as soon as possible. Yours sincerely Mr. Smith. Sincerely yours Dr. David L. Miller xtr. The note continued. I looked around the room. There were no windows or doors. No furniture either. Just empty space. I decided to walk over to the table. As I reached the edge of the chair I noticed something strange. The note said Do nt worry about your son. He ll be fine. But first we need to talk about what happened last night. What did you do last night I asked. Nothing. Just... nothing. Then why am I here I thought. Why would anyone want me dead Why would they even bother asking me questions I tried to explain myself but nothing worked. I felt like I was being watched. Suddenly I heard someone talking behind me. Hey buddy. How s it going I asked. Good. Well you know how much fun it is when someone comes up with new ideas for their own story I nodded. Yeah. That sounds great. Let s go. I followed him into the room where he sat down. After a few minutes he gave us both a big hug. Good luck. I love you too. I closed the door behind us. When I opened the door I saw him standing there staring at me. His eyes were wide open. He stared into mine. I knew exactly what he meant by that. I smiled. Thank you. I whispered. And then I realized I could hear him breathing heavily. I ran towards him. I grabbed his arm and pulled him close. I held onto him tight

upvote for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Upvotes for constructive criticism I m not sure

Son I m sorry but this is nt what we expected. This was supposed to be a simple thing. We d been through so much together that it seemed like every time someone tried to talk about their life they would end up with some sort of weird question or something. But when you re in charge of such an important decision you tend to get used to it. So here we are. My name is John Smith. And Ima year old man living in New York City. I ve never really had much luck with people before but now that I think about it I guess I should probably say I did nt expect anything different than what happened. It s not exactly easy being the only one who knows how to use his powers. When I first started working at NASA I thought that maybe I could help them find out more about themselves than anyone else. Maybe they could learn from me. Then I saw him sitting there staring at me with those big brown eyes. He looked so happy. That s when I knew something was wrong. His face lit up as if he were smiling. What do you want from me I asked. Well... he said slowly. You know what I mean. I replied. He smiled again. I ll take care of everything. Just give me a minute. He turned around and walked away. As soon as he left I heard footsteps behind me. I ran over to where he was standing and grabbed him by the collar. Hey buddy I called out. Who are you I asked. Oh yeah he answered. I m your friend. How can I help you today I asked. Well... he continued. I m going to need you to come down here and tell us everything you know about yourself. He led me inside and locked the door behind us. I sat down next to him and began reading through my notes. I started off by saying that I was a scientist who worked on a project called the Theory of Everything. That s right. I said. I was working on a theory that 

ICLE I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do n

ive been working here for years now i ve seen everything from the first time I saw her to the last time she was born. She s always been so beautiful and kind and always had such an amazing smile on her face when she said something about being a hero. But then again maybe that was just because she did nt want me to see her anymore. Maybe she thought Ima monster or something. Either way I m glad I got to spend time with her. We re going to have to find out soon enough. I looked around the room at everyone else who was watching me. Everyone seemed happy enough. Except for one guy who seemed to be doing his best to keep himself calm. He was wearing a black suit with a red tie. His hair was messy and he wore glasses which made him look like an idiot. He walked towards me and gave me a hug before turning away. Hey buddy how s it going he asked. Yeah great. What s up I replied. Oh yeah well... I guess we should go home. Let s go home. I nodded and followed him into our house. As we got closer to our destination I noticed something odd. There were no windows or doors. Instead there was a small window behind us. It opened up and revealed a huge room filled with people. They all sat down and began talking. Hello everyone. My name is Dr. Jameson and I am here today to tell you that we have won the Purge. This will be our final victory. The entire world will lose their minds if they do nt win this battle. If you want to join us please visit rCelsius Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and

icator. I m not sure what I expected when I woke up but it was definitely something different. It felt like I had been transported into an alternate reality where everything was so much more real than before. The room was filled with people all dressed in black suits and ties with red stripes across their faces. They looked at me with those eyes that said they were looking into my soul. What do you mean by that I asked them. Well... they began. You see Ima human being who has been diagnosed with cancer. My doctors told me that if I did nt get better soon they would take me away from here. That s right. They said that if I got sick enough I d die. But why Because Ima fucking idiot. And now I m stuck here. So I guess I ll go home and try to figure out how to live without my parents. Maybe I can find some friends who will help me through this. Or maybe I can finally move on with my life. Either way I hope I make it through this. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation.

ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock

ooking around the room he saw a man sitting in a chair with his head down staring at the ceiling. The man was wearing a black suit and tie with a white shirt underneath. His hair was tied back into a bun and he wore glasses which were covered in dust. He looked like he had nt slept in days. Hello Mr. Smith. How are you feeling today The man asked. Good. Well I guess we should get going then. We re going to need some time off from work tomorrow morning. I nodded slowly. Yeah sure thing Mr. Smith. Let s go. As they walked away from the building the man noticed something odd about them. They seemed to be wearing no clothes whatsoever. It took him a moment to realize what it meant. There were no shoes on either side of them. That s weird. Maybe they were just wearing some sort of hat or something. But then again maybe they did nt even have any shoes at all. After walking for several minutes the man finally came across an old woman who looked exactly like him except she had blonde hair and blue eyes. She smiled at him as she approached and gave him a hug before turning away. When she got back home she told him that she loved him too much to leave her alone. So she took him to the doctor who said that he would need to rest until he could figure out why they were still here. After a few hours of waiting the doctor decided that he needed to take care of himself first. As soon as he opened the door he felt a strange sensation in his chest. He tried to move but it was impossible. Then suddenly he heard a loud bang behind him. He ran over to where the sound came from and saw that there was someone standing outside the door. He jumped up and ran toward the person who was holding a gun. He pulled the trigger and the bullet hit him square in the chest. The man fell onto the ground unconscious. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites

ooking at the picture of me. I am in a hospital bed surrounded by people all wearing masks and holding hands. I do nt know how long it s been since I last saw them but I think they re finally gone. My mom used to tell me stories about her parents being doctors when she was young. She said that they would take care of her until she got older then come home and spend time with her family again. But then one day she died from cancer. It took me months to find out what happened. There were no signs of any kind of illness or injury anywhere else. Just... nothing. Then one day while walking down the street I noticed something odd. A small box sat next to me. Inside was a note. It read Dear Mommy I hope you enjoyed reading this letter. If you enjoyed it please check out more stories at rMatiWrites https www.reddit.comrMatiWrites See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin  

uckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckle

The root password for the universe i s discovered. Original post https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveadabandonedbyanacronym Original Post https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveadabandonedbyanacronym Original Post https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveadabandonedbyanacronym Original Post https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveadabandonedbyanacronym Original Post https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveadabandonedbyanacronym Original Post https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveadabandonedbyanacronym Original Post https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveadabandonedbyanacronym Original Post https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveadabandonedbyanacronym Original Post https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveadabandonedbyanacronym Original Post https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveadabandonedbyanacronym Original Post https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveadabandonedbyanacronym Original Post https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveadabandonedbyanacronym Original Post https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveadabandonedbyanacronym Original Post https

updating.com I ve never seen a person do this before. It s like being born with a birthmark on your forehead that says you re going to die soon or something like that. But then again maybe there are other people who did it too. Maybe they just wanted to see what would happen when they died. Either way it does nt matter because there are no more deaths left. The only thing keeping us alive is our ability to detect the source of our death. We can tell if someone has been bitten by a zombie or if they re actually dead. If they re not then we ll find out soon enough. So far we ve found nothing wrong with people who have their eyes closed. They seem to be able to focus on anything around them except for themselves. That s why I m here today. To help you understand how much pain you re in. What happened when I was young when my parents died from cancer. How I got sick and fell asleep at night thinking about how much fun it would be to play with my friends. And most importantly how much fun it would be to live without having to worry about dying anymore. Well let me explain. When I was younger I used to think that I d be able to control myself by controlling my body. Nowadays I ca nt even control myself. My mind is too busy trying to figure out how to use my powers to control others. There are so many things I need to learn about myself before I can finally get used to using them properly. First off I need to know where I am. Second I need to know where I am. Third I need to know where I am. Fourth I need to know where I am. Fifth I need to know where I am. Sixth I need to know where I am. Seventh I need to know where I am. Ninth I need to know where I am. Tenth I need to know where I am. eleventh I need to know where I am. eleventh I need to know where I am. eleventh I need to know where I am. eleventh I need to know where I am. eleventh I need to know where I am. eleventh I 

oudly I m sorry for what happened to you but we ca nt allow that to happen again. The voice was soft and soothing as it spoke. It seemed like every time I died there would be another life left behind. But this one was different. This one had no memories or emotions. It did nt even have any real purpose. All it ever wanted was to live forever. And then suddenly everything changed. Everything became blackness. My body began to shake violently. I felt myself falling apart. I tried to stand up but my legs were stuck under me. I could hear footsteps coming closer. They sounded like they came from somewhere else. Then suddenly I heard them again. A woman s voice. She sounded familiar. Her name was Alice. She smiled at me and gave me a hug. Thank you Alice. You re welcome. I said as I walked away from her. As soon as I got back into my car I started driving towards the nearest town. There were people waiting outside. Some were wearing masks others wore costumes. One guy was holding a gun while another held a knife. He pointed it at me. What do you want from us he asked. We ve got some bad news. I replied. Well... I guess we ll find out soon enough. He said. I took off my helmet and put it on. I looked around. There were other players in the room. Some were playing together. Others were playing against each other. One player was holding a sword while another held a shield. I watched as he shot himself in the head. I heard him scream. I ran over to him and hugged him tight. I told him that I loved him too. That I d always love him. He nodded. I kissed him goodbye. I went home. When I woke up I found myself lying on the floor. I tried to move my arms but they were tied together. I tried to scream but nothing came out. I sat up. I saw Alice sitting next to me. She was smiling. Hey Alice. How are you feeling today she asked. Oh yeah good. I answered. 

ICLE CONTENT https www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveanacommentsdzjwpeveryonehasbecomeasafecontactwithanacommentstheyearandthisisntmystorysofhowitwasinthepastorsofflyourethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveanacommentsdzjwpeveryonehasbecomeasafecontactwithanacommentstheyearandthisisntmystorysoofhowitwasinthepastorsofflyourethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveanacommentsdzjwpeveryonehasbecomeasafecontactwithanacommentstheyearandthisisntmystorysoofhowitwasinthepastorsofflyourethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveanacommentstheyearandthisisntmystorysoofhowitwasinthepastorsofflyourethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveanacommentstheyearandthisisntmystorysoofhowitwasinthepastorsofflyourethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveanacommentstheyearandthisisntmystorysoofhowitwasinthepastorsofflyourethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveanacommentstheyearandthisisntmystorysoofhowitwasinthepastorsofflyourethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveanacommentstheyearandthisisntmystorysoofhowitwasinthepastorsofflyourethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveanacommentstheyearandthisisntmystorysoofhowitwasinthepastorsofflyourethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveanacommentstheyearandthisisntmystorysoofhowitwasinthepastorsofflyourethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveanacommentstheyearandthisisntmystorysoofhowitwasint

ive been doing this for years now and i still have nt figured out how it works. I mean i m not sure if there s any way to stop me or if its just some kind of joke but i think that s what happens when you try to kill someone. Ima superhero after all. I ve never really had much success with my powers so far but i guess i ll see how many people will notice when they see me. My name is John Doe. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster. Ima supervillain named The Keymaster

ooking at the bible i was shocked by what i had just read. The first thing that hit me was how much it made sense. It seemed like every book on Earth had some sort of story or something about God being a man who has been around since before time itself was born. But then again maybe there s no way that he would tell us anything else than our own lives. So here I am sitting in front of my computer screen staring into nothingness. My eyes are closed and my head hurts so bad that i ca nt move them. Then suddenly everything goes black. I wake up in a hospital bed surrounded by people who look exactly like me except they re wearing white lab coats and carrying guns. They ask me questions about my life and i answer them with a smile on my face. What happened to your family Well... I guess they died when i was young. They were killed by an accident while driving home from school one night. That s right they were killed by an accident while driving home from school one night. And that s why i m here today. To help you understand what happened. You see I ve always wanted to be a writer. My parents told me stories about how their father used to write stories about his adventures as a kid. How he d go out and play with his friends and how they d get along well together. One day while playing outside he came across a small book called The Bible. Inside was a picture of himself holding a pen. He opened it up and read the words on the page. Welcome back Mr. Smith. You may call me God. I nodded slowly. Yes sir. I replied. Well what do you think I ll do now I asked. Nothing sir. Just wait until tomorrow morning. I ll see you later then. He left the room leaving me alone. As I walked down the street I heard someone yelling something behind me. I turned around and saw a woman standing next to me. She wore a red dress and her hair was pulled back into a bun. Her face was covered in scars and bruises. Her hands were tied behind her back. Hello she said. Hi I m God. How can I help you today I asked 

oudly I woke up in a hospital bed surrounded by people who looked like me. They all seemed to be in their late twenties or early thirties. All of them had dark hair and blue eyes. One man wore glasses while another had long brown hair. The other two were wearing masks which they both wore around their necks. One of them spoke English while the other spoke French. Hello Mr. Smith. How are you feeling today The first man asked. Well... I replied. What happened to me I asked. Oh nothing really. Just... well... I guess I should say something else. Do you remember anything from your last life Yes sir. That s right. My name is John. And I was born on January th. So how did I get here The man said. Well... I started. We re not sure how long we ve been here but we think it might have been about years. Maybe longer. But then again maybe not. I shrugged. No way. There s nothing wrong with being reborn. It does nt matter what happens. Just keep living. And if there s anything I can do for you I d love to hear it. The man nodded. Alright. Let s go. As soon as we leave this room I ll tell you everything about myself. About where I came from how many times I ve met people who were different than me. About my family. About my friends. About my job. About my family. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About my friends. About 

... I am the God of Fire. And I will be the next. The God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and Wind. I am the God of Ice and

one year ago i was walking down the street when suddenly there was a flash of light and then nothing. i looked up at the sky and saw a giant hole in the ground where a giant spider had fallen into it. i ran over to where it fell and grabbed its tail. i watched as it slowly began to move towards me. i did nt know what else to do so i just kept running. eventually i reached the bottom of the hole and started digging. when i finally got close enough to touch it i realized that it was made out of some sort of metal. i tried to pull myself up but my legs were stuck together. i could feel them getting weaker by the second. eventually i managed to push myself through the hole and onto the ground. i stood there stunned for a moment before realizing that this was not a normal hole. this was an alien one. they had come from another planet. they had taken over our world. they wanted to take control of everything. they wanted to destroy us all. they took everything from us. they killed everyone else. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took everything from us. they took

omesuicideisntreallybadbichonthatsnotmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourcouncilofinthepastandthisisntmystoryaboutbeingabandonedbyyourc 

uckle https www.youtube.comwatch vYwQpWgE I m sorry but I ca nt do this anymore. My heart sank as I realized what had happened. It was like watching someone die. A few minutes later the song came back on and the lyrics were changed. This time it was a different tune. The first thing that hit me was how much fun it was. I could hear my wife crying as she tried to get up from her bed. She looked down at herself in the mirror and smiled. Her eyes lit up when she saw the blood pooling around her. Her mouth opened wide and she began sobbing uncontrollably. I felt bad for her but I knew that if I did nt help her then maybe I d never see her again. As soon as I finished listening to the song I heard a loud bang behind me. I turned around and saw my wife standing there holding a gun. She ran towards me and grabbed my arm. We both fell backwards onto the floor. My wife screamed and started running toward us. I tried to run away but I could nt move. I tried to scream but nothing came out. Then suddenly everything went black. ive been writing this for a while so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated   
References https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

onymous http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvzwpyouarethefirsttogodandheisntreallyanacronymforhumanscgjd context I m sorry if this is nt what you were looking for but here it goes. My name is James and Ima year old man living in New York City. I ve always wanted to be a writer so when my parents told me that they d be taking me out on a date with some of their friends I thought it would be cool to try something new. So here we are. We re sitting at our kitchen table eating breakfast when suddenly there s a loud bang behind us. A giant monster comes running towards us and grabs James by the shoulders. It starts beating him up and then it stops beating him up again. James looks down at himself in the mirror and realizes he has nt shaved in months. He tries to stand but his legs just keep getting weaker and weaker until he falls onto the floor. As soon as he gets up he sees the giant monster staring back at him. Its eyes widen and it begins to walk away from him. James stands there stunned. What happened James asks himself. The monster turns around and says You know how many times we ve seen these things before right Yeah well we did nt expect them to be so big. But they are. And they re pretty much everywhere. James smiles and nods. That s great James. Now let s go home. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvzwpyouarethefirsttogodandheisntreallyanacronymforhumanscgjd context Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it.

upvotes for this prompt. I m not sure if it s good or bad but here goes... The butterfly effect was nt exactly what you expected when you saw it. It had been so long since anyone had actually seen it that they did nt know how much longer they d have until someone else saw it too. But it did nt matter because there were no other options left. There were only two things left to do. One thing to do and two things to forget. And so we did. After all we d spent years studying the butterfly effect. We knew exactly where it went from there. And now here we are. A few months ago I found myself sitting at home watching TV when suddenly I heard a loud bang behind me. My heart skipped a beat as I looked up. A woman wearing an expensive suit stood over me holding her hand out towards me. She wore a white dress shirt and jeans. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail. She smiled at me as she held out her hand. Welcome back honey. You re welcome. I nodded. Thank you. She took mine and led me down the stairs. As we walked through the door she said something about being late for work. That night I fell asleep on the couch. When I woke up I felt like I was floating through space. Everything seemed normal except for one thing. There was nothing else around except for the fact that everything was still moving. I tried to focus on my surroundings but nothing worked. Then I realized something. Everything was frozen. All I could see was darkness. I started crying uncontrollably. What the hell happened I asked myself. Suddenly I heard footsteps coming closer. They sounded like someone walking down the hallways. I ran over to where they were and grabbed them by their shoulders. Hey buddy. Are you okay Yeah I m fine. Just got ta get some rest. Do you want to come inside I asked. Sure thing buddy. He replied. I followed him inside. Inside I noticed that everyone was staring at me. Everyone except for one person. She was wearing a black dress shirt and jeans. Her hair was tied back in a bun 

ikers are nt very good at this so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first submission here so I apologize if it s bad or anything. Also sorry for the formatting errors. Edit First time posting on reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit. Hope you enjoy EDIT First time posting on Reddit 

... I m sorry sir but this is nt what we were looking for. This guy looks like he s in his late twenties or early thirties. He has dark hair and blue eyes that seem to glow with an aura of power. His face is covered by thick glasses which are placed on top of his head. He smiles at me as if he knows something important. Hello Mr. Smith. How may I help you today My name is John. I am here because I need help finding my way home from work. What do you want from me Well sir I ve got some questions for you. First off how did you get into my house Why did you leave your phone behind I asked him. Because Ima little late to the party. Second why did you call me here I thought you might be able to tell me where I am. Third why did you ask me to come back here I mean I ca nt really remember anything else. Fourth why did you leave your phone behind I asked him. Because Ima little late to the party. Fifth why did you call me here I mean I ca nt really remember anything else. Sixth why did you leave your phone behind I asked him. Because Ima little late to the party. Seventh why did you leave your phone behind I asked him. Because Ima little late to the party. Ninth why did you leave your phone behind I asked him. Because Ima little late to the party. Tenth why did you leave your phone behind I asked him. Because Ima little late to the party. eleventh why did you leave your phone behind I asked him. Because Ima little late to the party. eleventh why did you leave your phone behind I asked him. Because Ima little late to the party. eleventh why did you leave your phone behind I asked him. Because Ima little late to the party. eleventh why did you leave your phone behind I asked him. Because Ima little late to the party. eleventh why did you leave your phone behind I asked him. Because Ima little late to the party. eleventh why did you leave your phone behind I asked him. Because Ima little late to the party. eleventh why did you

ooking at the situation. I had been hired by the Lord himself to find out how he would get his son back from Hell. It s not like I could have done anything better than go through with it. The only thing that made sense was that there were no other options left for me. So instead of finding someone who would accept my offer I decided to take advantage of it. After all if I did nt want to be stuck here forever then maybe I should try something different. As soon as I got into my car I drove off towards the nearest town. There were people waiting outside the courthouse. Some were dressed up like angels others wore masks. They all looked familiar. Adolf Hitler stood before them. His face was covered by a mask. He smiled at me. Welcome to Hell. ive never seen you before. I said. What do you mean I asked. Well... he started. You re going to have to give me some context. Ima lawyer. And I m not exactly sure what you re talking about. But I think we can figure things out together. I nodded. Yeah yeah. So you ve been working on this case since before I even knew you existed. How long has it taken you to get here I asked. About two weeks now. He replied. That s great. Let s see what happens when we get him back. I walked over to him and put my hand on his shoulder. Hey buddy. How s it going I asked. Good. You look great. He said. I felt bad for him but I knew that if I gave him another chance he d probably end up dead anyway. I took off my mask and put it on. I turned around and saw him standing there staring at me. He stared back at me. Are you okay I asked. Yes sir. He answered. I tried to smile. Oh yeah I guess so. I said. Well then let s go. I followed him into the courtroom where I found myself sitting in front of a large desk. On it sat a man wearing a white robe. He spoke softly. Welcome to Hell. ive never seen you before. I said.  

oudly I m going to have to write this down. I do nt know what happened but it was pretty much like the first time you came through a portal to a fantasy world. You were just sitting there watching as people walked around you trying not to look like an idiot. They had no idea how long they d been there or why they were here. But then again nobody really knows anymore. All we know is that they re all dead now. And so far we ve only heard about one person who survived. He was a young man named John Doe. His parents died when he was just years old. That s right he had no family left. So instead of being able to go home he went to college. After graduating from high school he started working at a local coffee shop where he met his wife. She was beautiful. Her hair was blonde her eyes bluegreen. She loved him dearly. Then one day she came home from work and told him that she wanted to meet up with him sometime soon. That night she went out to dinner with her husband. When she arrived at the restaurant she found herself staring into the mirror. There was nothing else to see except for the reflection of herself. John looked like he was wearing some sort of costume. His skin was pale his hair was messy. His clothes were torn and dirty. And his shoes were broken. What the hell are you doing here John asked himself. I m sorry sir but we ca nt allow that. We ll take care of everything. Just stay away from me. Do nt worry about anything else. Just leave. John said. As soon as he left the room he felt something warm touch his shoulder. It was a cold breeze. He turned around and saw that it was John. Hey John. How are you feeling today Yeah... good. I guess. Well I guess I should tell you something. I think I might need some help getting rid of these things. Do you mind if I come inside Sure thing sir. John followed John outside. As he approached the house he noticed that there were two doors leading into the kitchen. One led to the living room and another led to the bathroom. Inside the bathroom was a large sink and a toilet. In

only one question. The two candidates are currently on stage at a rally in New York City. Kanye West is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye North is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye South is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye West is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye North is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye South is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye West is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye South is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye North is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye South is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye South is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye West is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye North is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye South is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye West is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye West is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye West is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye West is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye West is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye West is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye West is asked if he wants to run for president. Kanye East is asked if he wants to run for president

one night while I was sleeping I heard someone s voice from behind me. It sounded like someone had just spoken to me but it did nt matter because I knew what he meant by that. He said something about how he could see himself in my eyes and then he went away. When I woke up I saw him standing there looking at me with those big green eyes. His face was covered in scars and bruises and his hair was messy. He looked like he d been beaten by someone or something. Then he started talking again. So you re telling me that Ima monster right Yeah. Well... yeah. But why Because Ima monster. And I m not going anywhere anytime soon. That s right. You ll never get anywhere without being a monster. But why Because Ima monster. And I ca nt help but wonder if maybe I should try harder. Maybe I can find someone else who will help me out. Or maybe I can finally get rid of this monster. Either way I hope you enjoy your stay here. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

aker. Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin tosser Coin toss 

ikers. I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here goes... The Civilization viking army was the first to arrive on Earth after being sent by the United Nations to investigate a recent incident involving a nuclear bomb. They found that there were no survivors and that they had to send another team into space to find out why. After some searching they came across an old man who said he d seen his share of the world s history and that he knew how much it meant to live through it all. He told them that he d never really liked the idea of living in a place where everyone else lived together so he decided to take advantage of this opportunity. As soon as he got home he went straight into bed and slept soundly. When he woke up he looked around the room and saw nothing wrong with anything except for the fact that there was no one else in the house. He walked over to the window and peered inside. There was nothing special about it except for the fact that it was completely empty save for two people sitting on the couch watching TV. One man sat down next to him while the other sat behind him. Both men stared at each other for a moment before turning their heads towards the television. This is the newscaster reporting on the latest developments in the Middle East. We re currently receiving word that ISIS has launched a large attack on a small town in Syria. The enemy has taken control of the town and has begun attacking our troops. We urge everyone to stay calm and stay safe. As you can see these soldiers have taken over most of the cities around the region. However they are still fighting back against ISIS. Please remain calm and stay safe. Thank you for your cooperation. ive been writing this for a long time and i hope you enjoyed it. If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

ock. The first time I saw my dad in person he was sitting at his desk with a clipboard and pen. His eyes were wide open as if he had just seen something terrible. What do you mean by that You re not going anywhere son. We ve got ta go now. My mom said as she walked away from me. She did nt seem to notice that she had left her phone behind or even that it was still ringing. Her face went pale as if she d lost her mind. I sat there staring at him blankly. How could this happen Why would someone want to duplicate their own cure for cancer Well... maybe they should try it out themselves. Maybe they ll find something better than us. But then again maybe they wo nt. So what happens when we die I asked myself. I guess I could say that I died but instead of being dead I became immortal. That s right. And then I woke up. There was nothing else to do except wait for death to come along. When I finally got out of bed I noticed that my body was still warm. I tried to move my arms but they were tied together by some sort of rope. Then I heard a loud bang followed by a scream. I ran outside and looked around. Nothing seemed familiar. I started walking towards the window when suddenly I felt something hit me. A small box. Inside was a note written in blood. It read Dear Mr. Johnson We regret to inform you that your family has passed away. Your parents will never know how much pain you caused. Please take care of yourself and remember that you are always welcome here. Love Your Dad Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure if this is what you were looking for. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure if this is what you were looking for. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure if this is what you were looking for. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m

Edit Formatting Comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments

awn was the first to notice me. He had been diagnosed with leukemia years ago and had nt seen his parents since then. His wife had died when he was only five years old while she lay in bed with her husband. The doctors told him that it would take some time before they could get him back on life support but he did nt care. It s not like he d ever really known anyone else before. He d always thought that people were just born with their own powers and then went through life trying to figure out how to use them. But now he knew better. When he first started working at the hospital he thought that he might have some kind of superpower. That s why he decided to try out his abilities at home. After all he could fly. And he could make things happen by making them happen. So instead of being able to see through walls or ceilings he used his powers to make people smile. People laughed at him because they thought he was crazy. They said that he looked like a clown. And they even tried to convince him that he should leave. But he refused. Instead he kept coming back. Eventually he got tired of being stuck here. He wanted to go home. To sleep. To eat. To sleep. And so he stayed. Eventually he came across a group of people who seemed familiar. One guy wore a black suit and tie and another wore a white shirt. Both wore sunglasses. They both smiled at him. Hey buddy what s up I asked. Yeah man you re looking good today. You look great. What do you mean by that Well... uh... I guess I m not exactly sure what happened last night. Oh yeah Well maybe we should go check on you. We ll see if you can tell us anything. Thanks man. Let s head down to the kitchen. As soon as we enter the room I hear footsteps coming closer. I turn around and see two men standing behind me. One of them has a gun pointed directly at my head. He pulls the trigger. I fall backwards onto the floor. My vision goes blurry and I feel myself being dragged away from the room. I wake up in a hospital

ome The Devil The Devil was an old man who had long since passed away from cancer. He looked like he d seen too much movies but this was different. His eyes were blue and his hair was greasy. There were no wrinkles around him just some sort of blackness. A small smile crept onto his face as he spoke. Hello there. My name is Lucifer. How may I help you today Well... I guess we can call you Death. You re not really supposed to be here right now. But I think I ll go ahead and say that Ima little confused about why you re here. What do you mean You ve never been here before. Well... I suppose it makes sense. So what happened then Well... I started out as an ordinary person. I went to school got my degree and lived my life without any problems. Then came the day where I decided to start working at a hospital. That s when things changed. When I came home from work one night after school I saw a nurse standing outside my room. She said she could see me through her window. And she told me that I should come inside. After that I went straight into bed. And she gave me a kiss on the cheek. Then she left. When I woke up I found myself sitting in front of a computer screen staring at a picture of a girl. She wore a white dress shirt and jeans. Her hair was tied back into a bun. She smiled at me as she walked towards me. Hey honey. How are you feeling today Yeah I replied. Good. Let s get started. We sat down together and began talking. About our lives together how we met each other and how we fell in love. About how we became best friends. About how we grew apart. About how we became best friends again. About how we became best friends again. About how we became best friends again. About how we became best friends again. About how we became best friends again. About how we became best friends again. About how we became best friends again. About how we became best friends again. About how we became best friends again. About how we became best friends again. About

ooking back at the photo I could nt help but notice something odd. The dragon was glowing red. I looked around me for some sort of explanation but found none. What s going on I asked myself. Nothing I replied. Just that... I mean I ve never seen anything like it before. How did it get here I thought to myself. Well I guess we should call it a dragon then. I said. That sounds great I ll take a look at it later. I walked over to the bedside table where my dragon lay sleeping. As soon as I got closer I realized what happened. My dragon had been taken away by an evil knight who claimed he d defeated him. He told me that he would kill any man who tried to harm him. And so I did. After all if he wanted to kill me then so be it. So I took off my helmet and put it on. Then I started walking towards the door. When I reached it I noticed that there were two men standing outside. One was wearing a black robe and a white hat. His face was covered by a mask which he wore over his eyes. The other man wore a dark blue suit and sunglasses. They both stood there staring at me. I knew exactly what they wanted from me. They wanted to know why I was here. Why I needed to get rid of this dragon. Why I needed to leave this place. And so I did. I went inside and locked the door behind me. When I opened the door I saw that there was no one else in sight. There were only two people left. One of them was dressed in a white robe and a white hat. He was holding a gun. I ran over to him and grabbed his arm. Hey buddy what s wrong I asked. Nothing he answered. Just... just stay calm. Do nt worry about it. We re gon na make sure everything works out okay Yeah yeah. Let s go. I followed him into the house. As we approached the front porch I heard footsteps coming closer. I turned around and saw that they were coming from inside. I quickly ran toward them and grabbed their arms. Hey buddy

ICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

ockYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYC

Coin tosses are always a fun way to get into trouble. The coin tosser had been doing this for years now and he knew that if he did nt win then there would be no way out. So he decided to give up on life altogether. He took his chances with the coin tosses and started working on his own project. It took him months to finish the project but eventually he managed to get enough money to pay off his debt. After all it was only fair. As he walked down the street he saw a woman walking by. She looked like she d seen something before. Her hair was blonde her eyes bluegreen. And she wore a white dress shirt with a black tie. She smiled at him as she approached. Hey babe. How s it going. You re looking great today. Yeah yeah. What s your name. My name is Jack. Well Jack said. That sounds great. Do you know where we can find some food I mean I ca nt really remember anything else. We ll try to figure things out later. Thanks Jack. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later. See ya later.

ocky. I was nt sure if it was just the way my head felt or the fact that I had no idea what I was doing but I knew that this would happen eventually. It s not like I could have done anything differently. My parents always told me that if you were going through life with nothing but your memories and knowledge then maybe you should try something different. Maybe you ll find someone who will understand you better than you ever did before. Or maybe you ll meet someone who will give you something new to learn. Either way it does nt matter anymore. The only thing keeping me sane is that I ve got ta get out of here alive. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any ty

ocky. I do nt know what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of this. Who knows what to make of

The young man was clearly troubled by the question. He had never been much of a thinker but he knew that there was something he needed to know. The old man took a deep breath before continuing. I am the Lord Almighty. My name is Lucifer and I have been here for many millennia. It seems like such an odd thing to say but it does nt matter because I ve already done my job. The young man looked around him at all of his other gods. They were all staring at him with wide eyes. Some were even laughing. Well then let s get started. Lucifer said as he walked towards the door. As soon as he entered the room the door opened and a woman entered. She wore a white dress shirt and jeans and carried a large bag full of food. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail and her face was covered in scars from years of fighting. Hello Lucifer. she said as she took off her glasses. What brings you here today I m sorry to bother you but we re going to need some help getting rid of this guy. We ca nt afford to lose him anymore. Lucifer replied. Oh yeah well... I guess so. Lucifer sighed. That s okay though. Just stay away from him until we can figure out where he went wrong. She smiled. Thank you Lucifer. I ll take care of everything. Lucifer turned around and headed toward the door. When he reached the door he noticed that there were two people standing outside. One was wearing a black suit and tie while the other wore a white shirt and jeans. Both wore sunglasses which made them look like they were trying to hide their eyes from the sun. Lucifer followed them through the halls until they came across a small room filled with bookshelves. Inside the room was a desk where a computer sat. On it was a note written in blood. It read Dear Mr. Lucifer. You will be given one week to decide whether or not to leave this world or continue living your life. If you choose to stay then you may choose to live forever. However if you choose to go back to your own life you will also receive a gift. A small box containing a single piece of paper. Inside

iker I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do

uckle I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites https www.reddit.comrMatiWrites Edit I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here goes... The last thing I remember was waking up on my bed with no memory of who I am or why I was there. My head hurt from all the pain and then suddenly everything went black. It took me a few minutes to realize that I had been transported into an unfamiliar place. There were people everywhere. They looked familiar. Some of them even seemed to have been dead when I arrived. One man stood before me. He wore a white robe and carried a small wooden cane. His face was covered by dark circles under his eyes. He spoke softly. Welcome back Mr. Satan. How may I help you today I asked him. Well sir we ve got some bad news for you. You re not supposed to talk about your past. What do you mean by that Well sir I started. My name is Lucifer. And Ima demon. Oh right. So what happens if I die I asked. Well sir you ll live forever. That sounds great. But first let me ask you something. Why did you come here Because I wanted to see if anyone else knew where I was. I thought maybe they d find me eventually. Maybe they could help me figure things out. I replied. Yeah well you see sir I ca nt really explain it. I just felt like being alone. So I decided to take a walk around town. As soon as I walked through the streets I noticed something odd. There were no cars parked outside. No one seemed to notice me either. After a few minutes I realized that I was alone too. Then I heard footsteps coming closer. They sounded like someone running away. I ran towards them and grabbed their arm. Hey buddy I called. What happened to your car I asked. Nothing sir. Just got ta get home. I told him. Okay okay. Let s go. I followed him  

up... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... down... 

ock. I m sorry but this is nt what I wanted to hear. I do nt know how long it s been since I ve written anything like this so any feedback would be appreciated Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Formatting and spelling. I hope you enjoy it. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and

ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock.ock

This is nt what I was expecting. The man was sitting on his porch looking up at me with those eyes that looked like they were trying to tell me something important. What do you mean by that You re not supposed to be here. I said as I walked over to him and put my hand on his shoulder. He turned around and stared into mine. His face lit up with excitement. Oh yeah Well... I guess we ll see how long it takes for us to figure out where he went wrong then. I nodded. Yeah well maybe we can try again tomorrow morning. We both sat down next to each other and began talking. Hey buddy how s it going I asked him. Good good. How s your day going I replied. Yeah great. Just wanted to talk to you about something. Do you mind if I come inside Sure thing buddy. As soon as I opened the door I saw him standing there staring at me with those eyes that seemed to stare back at me from beyond the horizon. A few seconds passed before he spoke again. So... you know what I think we should go home now. Maybe we can find some food or something. Or maybe we can just sit down together and watch TV. Whatever works. I said. Alright then. Let s go. I followed him outside. When we reached our destination I noticed that everyone else was gone. Everyone except for me. There were no cars parked anywhere. No people walking around either. Just empty streets. I tried calling my parents but they would nt answer. Finally after several minutes of waiting I finally managed to get one of them to call me back. Hello Is anyone there I asked. Yes sir. Are you okay I m fine. Just got ta get some rest. He answered. Okay. Thanks. I hung up the phone and headed towards the kitchen. I grabbed a bowl of cereal and ate it slowly. After eating I decided to head upstairs to check on my friends. They were still asleep. When I arrived at the house I found myself staring at the ceiling wondering why I had been chosen. Was this some kind of joke Did someone really want

one carICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i s fast carsICLE. The theme i

uckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckle

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. I hope you enjoyed it. If you liked this check out rWrittenReddit for more stories Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I did. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first time doing something like this and I really want to improve. Any criticism or advice would be greatly appreciated. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Sorry if there s some grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I did. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first time doing something like this and I really wanted to improve. Any criticism or advice would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I did. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first time doing something like this and I really wanted to improve. Any criticism or advice would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I did. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first time doing something like this and I really wanted to improve. Any criticism or advice would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I did. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first time doing something like this and I really wanted to improve. Any criticism or advice would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I did. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first time doing something like this and I really wanted to improve. Any criticism or advice would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I did. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first time doing something like this and I really wanted to improve. Any criticism or advice would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I

Coin tosses are not easy to get into. I ve always wanted to be a magician but never had the courage or motivation to do so. Nowadays I m just a kid who wants to learn how to play the piano. It s hard work and it makes me feel like an idiot. But hey at least I can get some practice before I die. I guess I ll see you around then. Coin tosses are not easy to get into. I ve always wanted to be a magician but never had the courage or motivation to do so. Nowadays I m just a kid who wants to learn how to play the piano. It s hard work and it makes me feel like an idiot. But hey at least I can get some practice before I die. I guess I ll see you around then. Coin tosses are not easy to get into. I ve always wanted to be a magician but never had the courage or motivation to do so. Nowadays I m just a kid who wants to learn how to play the piano. It s hard work and it makes me feel like an idiot. But hey at least I can get some practice before I die. I guess I ll see you around then. Coin tosses are not easy to get into. I ve always wanted to be a magician but never had the courage or motivation to do so. Nowadays I m just a kid who wants to learn how to play the piano. It s hard work and it makes me feel like an idiot. But hey at least I can get some practice before I die. I guess I ll see you around then. Coin tosses are not easy to get into. I ve always wanted to be a magician but never had the courage or motivation to do so. Nowadays I m just a kid who wants to learn how to play the piano. It s hard work and it makes me feel like an idiot. But hey at least I can get some practice before I die. I guess I ll see you around then. Coin tosses are not easy to get into. I ve always wanted to be a magician 

ICLE CONTENT http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobereveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzwpeveryonehasbecomeanacademystudentandtheyreallknowingaboutitcommentstjzw

ooking at the clock on my nightstand I could nt help but notice how much time had passed since I last slept. It s been days since I ve seen Santa Claus. I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here goes... I woke up at am to find myself standing outside my house with my wife and three kids. My wife and three children were all asleep when they heard me coming down the stairs. They looked around frantically trying to figure out where I was or why I was there. When they finally got closer I saw them all staring at me with wide eyes. What the hell are you doing here my wife asked as she ran over to me and hugged me tightly. You re dead. You died. You re not supposed to be here. We ca nt let you go without knowing who you are or where you came from. But we have to find out. So we ll take care of everything. And then we can get back together. That sounds great. Let s go. As soon as we leave our house I ll tell everyone about how much fun we had together. Then we can move on to other things. Like what I asked. Oh well. I guess I should probably start by saying that I love you too honey. I said. I walked towards her and kissed her forehead before turning away. She turned around and stared into my eyes. Her face lit up as she realized what I meant by that. You re right. I replied. I love you too. She smiled and hugged me again. Then she went back inside and closed the door behind us. When we got home I sat down next to my wife and kids and began to read through their books. They seemed to be reading something about Santa Claus. After a few minutes I decided to give them a shot. I opened the book and began reading. This is my first submission so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

in my thirties I had my first tattoo and was born with it. I did nt know what it meant until I got older but when I finally did I could see the words on my wrist. They were all just numbers and symbols that looked like they belonged there. It took me years to figure out how many people there were but eventually I figured out why everyone had their own numbers. The first thing I noticed was that there were no other people around. There were only two people who seemed to have my number on them. One guy who wore his number on his arm and another man wearing his number on his chest. Both men were tall and muscular with dark hair that fell down over their shoulders. Both wore glasses which were made out of some sort of metal that looked like glass. Their faces were covered by thick glasses which were also made out of some kind of glass. When I asked them why they told me that they wanted to see if anyone else could have mine. After all it s not like Ima doctor or anything right So I decided to try it out myself. When I finally got my first tattoo I realized that it was nt much different than any other tattoo. The only difference was that it read Coin flip. That s when I started noticing things about myself. My name was nt coin flips anymore. It was a joke. A prank by some crazy guy who thought he could get away with killing everyone who ever lived. He said that he d never seen anyone else do it before and that he wanted to see if anyone else would do it too. After some time I figured out that I needed to go back home and start over. So I went to bed early and woke up early again. As soon as I opened my eyes I saw that there was no one else in the room except for the man who wore his number on his arm. He smiled at me and said Hey buddy. How s it going. You re doing great. What are you talking about I asked him. Well... I guess we ll see each other soon enough. We both laughed. Then he turned away from me and walked towards

The alarm clock goes off and my eyes are wide open. I m not sure what s going on but it does nt matter because I ve already slept through everything. My head feels like it s being pulled by some sort of force. It s hard to tell where I am or how far away I am from anyone else. There are no windows or doors just empty space. Everything seems so surreal. Like someone had taken me out of my room and put me in a chair. Then again maybe they did nt want me dead either. After all I was only years old when they took me away from my parents. They said that if I died today I d be reborn into another person. That s right I ll be reborn as myself. But how would I know that I do nt know. Maybe I should try to figure out what happened. As soon as I get out of bed I see a man standing over me. He looks familiar but he does nt seem to recognize me. Hey buddy what s wrong You re awake. What s going on Where am I Who are you Why are you here I ask him. Oh yeah I forgot about you. Well then let s go home. We walk down the street together towards our car. When we arrive at our destination I pull out my phone and dial. Hello Who is this I say. My name is John. How may I help you today John asks. Oh yeah I replied. I m sorry sir I ca nt tell you right now but I need to talk to someone. Someone who knows what I m thinking. Okay John. Let s call someone. I hang up and wait until I hear the sound of my own voice. Hello John. Can you tell me where I am I ask. Yes sir. Wherever you are. I reply. Alright John. Let s go. I follow him into our house. Inside there are two men sitting around a table eating breakfast. One of them has a large bowl of cereal and a glass of water. He sits down next to me and begins talking. So... you re telling me that you ve been living your life

onymous. I ve never been one for surprises but today was different. Today was a special day. Today was the day I would finally be able to tell everyone what they wanted to hear about the world. It s not like anyone would believe me anyway. My parents told me that my father had always been an asshole. He d always try to get me to do things that did nt make sense or make me feel bad about myself. But he never really cared about anything else than himself. So when he came home from work one night and saw me sitting on his couch watching TV with him he knew something was wrong. Something was off. His eyes widened as he looked at me. What are you doing here You re supposed to be dead right now. You ca nt leave. Do nt worry though we ll figure something out soon enough. We ll take care of everything. Just stay here until then. Okay. Let s go. As soon as we get back to our house I ll call you later. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I did it but it was fun to write anyway. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first submission here so please give me some feedback. Also sorry if there s no way to edit this without getting too much attention from other people. EDIT Added some details about the cave. The walls were covered in gold coins and jewels. There were also several other things inside that looked like they belonged to someone else. A few of them even had a picture of a man holding a sword. He wore a white robe and carried a large sword. His face was covered by thick black hair which fell down his back. He smiled as he walked towards the cave. As soon as he got inside the cave he stopped and stared at me. What the hell are you doing here he asked. Well... I replied. You re supposed to be guarding something important right now. But I ca nt help but notice that there s nothing else around. I thought maybe you might want to come inside. I said. Yeah yeah. I ll go inside. He said. I followed him into the cave. Inside was a large room filled with various items. Some of them were very interesting. Others were just plain boring. There were also a bunch of other artifacts that I could see. They seemed to be made out of some sort of metal or glass. One of them was a small box containing a note written in blood. I opened it up and read the words Dear King Arthur We regret to inform you that we have lost our way. Your kingdom will never recover from this tragedy. Please leave us alone until we can find another way. Sincerely Your King Arthur ive never seen you before. I closed the box and took off running towards the door. When I reached the door I heard footsteps behind me. I turned around and saw a woman standing outside. She was wearing a red dress and her hair was tied back in a ponytail.

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites https www.reddit.comrMatiWrites Edit This is my first submission to this sub so I apologize if it s bad or anything. Also sorry about the formatting errors. EDIT Added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. Edit Added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was nt too bad though. edit added some details on how the story went down. It was n

Original Post http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentshqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytohaveanacronymforlifeandtheyreallgoingtobereveryoneelse See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsnjwpyourstoryisntreallythatbadbutthisisntsobadlygood so I ll give it a shot. The first thing that came to mind was how much of an asshole I am. My parents were both idiots and my brother was a dick. He always tried to get me to go to school but he never really understood why. When we got older though things changed. He started getting into trouble with the law. It took him awhile to figure out what happened. One day while walking home from school he stopped by my house. He said he saw something strange on the ground next to my bed. A small box with a note inside. Inside was a picture of me and my mom. She looked at it and smiled. Her eyes lit up when she read the words. You re not supposed to be here. Do nt worry about us. We ll get you back soon enough. Just remember that you need to stay strong. Love Your Mommy. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it.

ock. The first thing I did was to make sure my wife and kids were okay. They re not really dead yet. I ve seen them die before but they never came back. It s like they re just gone from existence. My heart sank when I saw him in front of me with his hands behind his head. His eyes were wide open as if he wanted to see what happened next. What do you mean I asked. Well... he started. You know what I m going to tell you about love right I nodded. Yeah. That s right. Love is a very powerful thing. And so is love. So when you get married you ll be able to feel everything about each other. Your heart your breath your happiness your sadness all of it. But there are some things that wo nt work out. For example you have to learn how to control yourself. If you want to live forever you need to learn how to control yourself. And then you have to figure out why you ca nt stop yourself. Because if you do nt control yourself then you wo nt ever be able to control anyone else. So I decided to take action. I started by making sure that everyone knew who I was. Then I made sure that everyone knew where I lived. When I got home I took off my shoes and put them on the floor next to mine. As soon as I stepped outside I felt something warm against my skin. Then I heard a loud bang. I turned around and saw my wife standing over me. She looked scared too. Her face was covered by blood. I ran towards her and hugged her tightly. We both fell onto our backs. I tried to push myself away but she grabbed me by the neck and pulled me closer. I could hear her scream as she fell onto the ground. I tried to pull myself up but she pushed me back against the wall. I cried out in pain as she threw me into the room. I woke up on the floor. There was a man sitting next to me. He wore a white shirt and jeans. His hair was messy and his clothes were dirty. He spoke softly to me. Hello Mr. Smith. How are you feeling today 

... how was i What if after you die... i woke up with a bong in my hand and my alien friend asked how was i. I m not sure what happened next but i think i died. The aliens looked at each other confusedly. Then they started laughing hysterically. That s when i realized that there were no aliens left. They had all gone crazy. It took them awhile to figure out why they were laughing so much. After some time they finally figured it out though. There was nothing else to do except wait for the aliens to come back. When they did they found themselves staring at me. I could feel myself getting weaker by the minute. My eyes started watering and my mouth felt dry. I tried to speak but nothing came out. Then suddenly everything went black. I awoke on a bed of white sheets. A man sat beside me. He wore a suit and tie. His hair was tied back into a bun. He smiled at me as he spoke. Welcome back Mr. President. We ve got some news from you. What do you mean by that You re dead. And you re not even human anymore. Well... yeah. But we re still human right Yeah. So what happens now Well... I guess we ll find out soon enough. ive been writing this for a while so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsbzwpeveryonehasbecomeanastoryasapointtofindacommentsdgjfh See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsbzwpeveryonehasbecomeanastoryasapointtofindacommentsdgjfh See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsbzwpeveryonehasbec

ocky I thought it was funny. I mean what else could I do But then again maybe it was just some kind of weird joke or something. Maybe it s not really funny anymore. Anyway here goes nothing. The man who had told me that I would be invisible for years was now gone. He said that he d seen me before but never actually saw me. It took me awhile to realize that this guy must be crazy. After all there were only so many people who could see themselves in their own eyes right So when I woke up today I did nt know how long I d been here. My head hurt like hell and my body felt like it was being pulled apart by some sort of force. Then suddenly everything went black. I tried to move my arms but they were stuck in place. I looked around the room but nothing seemed to work. There were no windows or doors. All I could see was darkness. And then suddenly everything changed. A huge white light shone down on me. I felt myself getting weaker by the second. As soon as I opened my eyes I saw myself standing in front of a large mirror. My face was covered in scars from various injuries. I looked around again but there was nothing else out of place. I walked over to the mirror and stared into it. There was no one else there except for me. I turned around and saw myself sitting on the floor. I began to cry. What happened Where am I Who are you I asked myself. I m sorry sir. You re not supposed to talk to strangers. We ve got to get rid of you. Please come back soon. I stood up and ran towards the door. When I reached it I noticed that there was nothing else in sight. I grabbed the handle and pushed open the door. Inside was a woman dressed in black. She smiled at me and gave me a hug. Thank you she said. I nodded. She led me inside and locked the door behind us. I sat down next to her and cried. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive

ooking at the new man in front of me I felt a strange sensation on my neck and then it hit me. It was like someone had stabbed me with a knife. My head began to spin and my vision blurred. Then suddenly everything went black. The man who d just shot me looked up at me with those eyes that were filled with fear. He said something about being an assassin but he did nt say anything else. After a moment he turned around and walked away from me. I tried to run away but I could nt move. I fell down onto the ground and started crying. I knew what had happened. This was going to be hard. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so

ikers. It was nt long before my brain started to process what had just happened and how it would affect me. The teacher was staring at me with those big blue eyes that looked like they were trying to figure out if I should be afraid or excited. She did nt say anything else though so I guess it s not like she could hear me anyway. After all who wants to talk about something like this when you can just use your brain as an excuse for being scared Well here we are. My name is James and Ima year old boy from New York City who has been living in the suburbs since he was little. He s always been an introvert so he never really got along with anyone else. When he finally decided to go out with some friends he went through some tough times but eventually came around. We spent hours talking about our lives together how much fun we d have if we stayed together forever. Then one day he asked me if I wanted to come over to his house. I told him yes and we walked inside. As soon as we entered the room he opened the door and stepped outside. There were no windows so we could see nothing but darkness. We sat down on the couch and watched TV while we waited for him to finish talking. After about minutes of watching TV he finally spoke again. So... what do you think I m gon na do now I asked. Well... I guess I ll start by saying that I ve never really liked being alone. That s why I hate being alone. But then again maybe it s because I ca nt handle myself anymore. Maybe it s because I m afraid of dying. Either way I think I need to get rid of these feelings. If only I could find someone who would understand me better than anyone else. ive been writing this for a while now and i hope you guys enjoy it. If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

ocky. Coin tosser give u p his cause. You r e not supposed t o b e here. The coin tosser nods and leaves the room. The coin tosser takes a seat next t o him and reads the coin flip. He does n t know what h e s doing but he knows that i f h e wanted t o die h e would have done i t sooner than anyone else. H e sits down and starts reading the coin flip again. This time h e notices something odd about the coin flip. It seems like there are two sides o f the coin flip. One side has a man standing over i t while the other side has a woman standing behind him. Both sides have their own personas. A man wearing a black suit and sunglasses walks into the room. H e looks around nervously before saying I m sorry sir but w e c a n t allow you t o enter our domain. W e need you t o come with us. The man smiles and says Yeah sure. Let m e show you around. The man leads the way through the halls until they reach a large room filled with people. There are several chairs and tables set u p around the table where h e sits down. H e begins talking about how h e used t o be a superhero. How h e was able t o stop crime from happening. And then suddenly h e stops. His eyes widen. What the hell happened t o him The man asks. Well... I guess I just got ta get used t o being a hero. That sounds great. But why did you leave Because I needed t o see someone who cared enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough about m e t o care enough

... I m sorry to interrupt you but we have a new case. The judge looked at me with his big green eyes. You re going to be the first person ever to enter this courtroom. He said as he took my seat across from him. My name is Judge Jameson. I am here today because I have been sentenced to death by lethal injection. This is my first time doing something like this so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

updatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholicbutyouknowtheonethatsaworld documentaryupdatingcatholic

ocky I guess i should start off by saying that i am very happy with my job here. It s been so long since anyone had any real experience with religion that they did nt even know what they were doing until they started working on it. But now that i m here i can finally say that i was right. The only thing keeping me sane is that there are some things you ca nt change. For example when you die your body will be reborn as an angel or demon depending on how many people are watching you. This means that if someone dies and gets reincarnated as a human again they ll probably never see each other again. And then there s the fact that every time someone dies their memories will be erased from their body. That s why i ve decided to take this opportunity to write something down. My name is John Smith and Ima member of the United Nations. I have lived through wars and tragedies and made many friends. I ve seen many great things in my life and i think that i ll continue to do so until the end of time. As far as I know Im the only one who knows how much longer i can keep living. If anyone wants to read more check out rCelsius Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so I m not sure how 

oudly I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I m sorry I did nt

ooking at the story I found myself staring at. It was nt exactly what I expected but it had something about it that made me feel like I could see through it all. The first thing that came to mind was how much blood had been spilled on my hands. My fingers were shaking uncontrollably as they tried to grip the handle of the knife. Then I remembered that there was no way to get rid of it without getting caught in some sort of trap. So I decided to try and find someone who would help me out. After all if I did nt want to die then why should I care anyway Well I guess I ll just have to wait until tomorrow morning when I can go home and sleep again. As soon as I woke up I felt like I was floating through space. There were no stars or planets anywhere around me except for the moon which seemed to be glowing brightly. And then suddenly everything went black. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

one strike by the greatest warrior i n all the land. The words are heard over the roar o f battle as the entire kingdom watches. A few soldiers stand u p and begin walking towards the castle. They stop short when they see a large man standing there with his back turned towards them. H e looks like h e could use some help. His hair is messy and his eyes are dark brown. His face i s covered i n scars from battle but h e does n t seem to mind. H e smiles at them and says You r e welcome. I hope you enjoyed reading this story If you enjoyed i t please check out more stories a t rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also http www. reddit. comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

one day i woke up from my sleep with a headache and a sore throat. I tried to stand but it did nt work. My legs were numb and my arms felt like they were going to break apart. I looked around for help but there was nothing. Just darkness. Then suddenly everything went black. The room became filled with light and I saw myself standing on top of a building. It was dark outside so I could see nothing else except for the ceiling which seemed to be made out of glass. As soon as I got closer I realized what happened. There was no one else here except me. What the hell am I doing here I thought to myself. This must be some kind of joke right I walked towards the door and opened it. Inside was a woman wearing a white dress shirt and jeans. She smiled at me and gave me a hug before leaving. I followed her into a small room where she sat down next to me. Her face was pale and her hair was messy. She wore glasses which were too big for her and she had dark circles under her eyes. She spoke softly to me. Welcome back. How may I help you today I asked. Well... she began. You re not supposed to talk about yourself. That s okay though. We ll get through this together. Just remember we re all going to die anyway right So what do you want to talk about I asked. Oh well I guess. What s your name I replied. She laughed. She gave me a smile and said I m John Smith. And Ima member of the United States Army. Oh yeah I said. Well then let s go home. She led us inside and closed the door behind us. When we arrived at our destination I found myself sitting on a chair. A man sat across from me. He wore a white suit and tie and carried a large bag. His hands were shaking and he held a gun. Hey John he said. How are you feeling I asked. Good he answered. Are you okay  

ooking for the meaning of the word. The meaning of the word is to make sure that the person who wrote it does nt say anything like I do nt know what you re talking about but it s just so much more interesting than any other word I ve ever heard. It s like looking at a mirror and seeing how far away from you are from the reflection. You can see everything from your own eyes to your surroundings but there are no mirrors in sight. There are only two things you can hear from each other. One is the sound of my voice and the other is the smell of my blood. My body feels like it s being ripped apart by some force or another. When I was younger I used to think that I could talk to people through my mouth. Nowadays I ca nt even speak properly without having to use my hands. But now I know better. When I was younger I used to think that I could talk to people through my mouth. Now I know better. When I was younger I used to think that I could talk to people through my mouth. Now I know better. When I was younger I used to think that I could talk to people through my mouth. Now I know better. When I was younger I used to think that I could talk to people through my mouth. Now I know better. When I was younger I used to think that I could talk to people through my mouth. Now I know better. When I was younger I used to think that I could talk to people through my mouth. Now I know better. When I was younger I used to think that I could talk to people through my mouth. Now I know better. When I was younger I used to think that I could talk to people through my mouth. Now I know better. When I was younger I used to think that I could talk to people through my mouth. Now I know better. When I was younger I used to think that I could talk to people through my mouth. Now I know better. When I was younger I used to think that I could talk to people through my mouth. Now I know better. When I was younger I used to think that I could talk to people through my mouth. Now I know

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer I m not a writer but this is my first time doing something like this so please give me some constructive criticism or suggestions on how to improve. Also thanks for all the gold guys I really appreciate it Edit Formatting Comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments

from my phone I m not sure what it was about but I did nt think much of it until I saw the mouse. It had been sitting on my desk for hours now. My eyes were wide open as if looking into some kind of mirror or something. Then suddenly I heard it again. A loud bang followed by a crash. I looked around at everyone else who had seen this happen before me. They all seemed to be staring at the mouse. Some were even looking away from their phones. But none of them could understand why they would do such a thing. There was no way that they could have done anything wrong. All of them knew exactly how to fix it. And yet here we are. We re stuck with this stupid thing. What s wrong with it Why ca nt we just get rid of it altogether I asked myself. Well... maybe we should try something different. Maybe we can make it better. I said. Yeah well maybe we can make it worse. The mouse replied. So let s go home. As soon as we leave this place we ll find someone who will help us figure out how to fix this problem. That sounds great. I told him. He nodded. Alright then. Let s head down. We walked into our house and sat down next to each other. We talked about everything from our childhoods to our college days. After a few minutes he finally spoke up. Hey buddy how s it going I asked. Good good. How s your day going I thought to myself. Good. You know what I mean. I m glad you asked. I replied. Yeah yeah. Good. So what happened to your mouse I asked. Nothing really. Just... nothing. Well maybe you should try something different. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe you should try something new. Maybe