... I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I ve got ta go back home. I ca nt live without my family. My friends are gone. And yet here i am standing in front of a crowd of thousands watching him die from an overdose of heroin. The only thing keeping me sane is that i know what s coming next. I look around at everyone else who has watched him die. Everyone except me. I feel like i should be there for him. But instead i m just sitting there staring into space. There are no stars or planets anywhere. Just empty space. And then suddenly everything goes black. I wake up in a hospital bed surrounded by people who all seem to be asleep. They re all crying. I try to speak but nothing comes out. I hear footsteps coming closer. I turn around and see a man wearing a white lab coat walking towards me. Hey buddy what s wrong he says. What happened I ask. Nothing really. Just... just relax. We ll get through this together. He smiles. Thanks. I nod. As soon as he leaves I run over to him and hug him tight. You re welcome. I love you too. I kiss him goodbye. I leave the room and head home. When I arrive home I find myself sitting on the couch watching TV. I open the door and step inside. I sit down next to my wife and kids. She looks at me with tears streaming down her face. Her eyes widen. Are you okay honey she asks. Yeah. Just... just relax. We ll figure something out eventually. I say. I take off my glasses and put them on. I look around the room. Everything seems normal except for one thing. A small box sits next to me. Inside was a note. Dear Mr. DiCaprio I hope you enjoyed reading this letter. If you liked it please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

omes. The protagonist i s a man who has been living his whole life i n a small town o n the outskirts o f New York City. H e does n t know what he wants t o d o with himself but h e knows that there are other options than killing himself. H e also knows that ifhe kills himself then h e will never see his family again. H e has never felt such pain before. H e has never felt such love either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such love either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such love either. H e has never felt such love either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such love either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such love either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such love either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such love either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such love either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such love either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such love either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H e has never felt such hate either. H

awning day o f George R. R. Martinockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockockock

onymous. The kid was nt sure what he d done but it did nt matter anyway. He had just created the world s first functional magic circle in centuries.onymous. The kid looked around at all the other kids who were doing the same thing. They all seemed so happy to see him. But then again maybe they were just too excited about their new found power. Maybe they thought that if they could create something that would make them feel better about themselves they might actually be able to live longer than anyone else. Either way it worked. The kid took off his glasses and put them on his nose. His mouth opened wide as if he wanted to speak but there was nothing else to say. After a moment the kid spoke again. So... how are we going to get rid of this thing The kid asked. Well... I guess we ll start with some basic math. First off there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. Second there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. Third there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. Fourth there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. Fifth there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. Sixth there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. Seventh there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. Ninth there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. Tenth there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. eleventh there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. eleventh there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. eleventh there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. eleventh there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. eleventh there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. eleventh there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. eleventh there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. eleventh there s no way that we can use it without getting caught. eleventh there s no way that we can use it 

ikers are the heat o f i t all. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat o f i t all. Time t o call home.ikers are the heat o f i t all. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat o f i t all. Time t o call home.ikers are the heat o f i t all. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat o f i t all. Time t o call home.ikers are the heat o f i t all. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat o f i t all. Time t o call home.ikers are the heat o f i t all. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat o f i t all. Time t o call home.ikers are the heat o f i t all. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat o f i t all. Time t o call home.ikers are the heat o f i t all. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat o f i t all. Time t o call home.ikers are the heat o f i t all. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat o f i t all. Time t o call home.ikers are the heat o f i t all. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat o f i t all. Time t o call home.ikers are the heat o f i t all. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat o f i t all. Time t o call home.ikers are the heat o f i t all. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat o f i t all. Time t o call home.ikers are the heat o f i t all. Today s battle was 

ive been writing this for a while so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first time doing one of these so I apologize if it s bad or anything. Also sorry about the formatting errors. Edit Formatting Comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments

ikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his superpower... well into his sikerock. The man finally discovered his

a few years ago I thought it would be funny to buy a new planet. I mean there were plenty of planets left back then but they all died off after the first few years. So now I m stuck here with nothing but my own memories. And then there was this guy who had no idea how he d gotten here or why he wanted to go back home. He said he d never seen anything like it before. That s when I realized something was wrong. There was something about him that made me feel uneasy. Like he did nt know what he was doing. Like he could nt even understand English. But then again maybe he did nt care too much about anything else. Maybe he just wanted to see if anyone else knew where he lived. Either way I decided to take action. I started walking towards him. As soon as I reached him I grabbed his arm and pulled him close. We kissed passionately for a while before we both fell asleep. When we woke up I found myself standing outside of my house. My wife was sitting on her bed watching TV. She looked confused. What are you doing here she asked. You re supposed to be asleep right now. I replied. Well... yeah. But why Because Ima scientist. And I need help getting rid of these things. I told her. She nodded. So what do you want me to do I asked. Nothing really. Just take care of them. She said. Okay. I ll call you later. I hung up. I walked over to my car and drove off. After a few minutes I came across a small building. Inside was a large room filled with computers and monitors. On one monitor was a screen displaying a list of names. I opened the door and stepped inside. A woman sat across from me. Hi. How are you feeling today she said. Good. I answered. Are you okay I asked. Yeah. She answered. Do you need anything I asked. No problem. Just give me a moment. She 

ikerICLE I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here goes... You ve been diagnosed with schizophrenia and your best friend is the only person who can help you. The only problem is that he s a fucking idiot. He thinks he can get away with anything by just being stupid. And then there s me. My name is John Doe and Ima year old man living in New York City. I ve never really had any friends before so I guess I should probably start off by saying that Ima bit of an asshole. But hey at least I have someone else to talk to. So yeah I went through some rough times recently. It was pretty bad at first. When I got home from school one day I saw him sitting on his couch watching TV. He looked like he d seen something before. Then he started talking about how he wanted to go back to school. That night I decided to ask him out. We talked for hours until finally we both agreed to meet up later at the same place. As soon as we walked into the room I felt something warm touch my shoulder. It was a small piece of paper. Inside was a note. You re welcome John Doe. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

ikers are the most dangerous species i n the galaxy. I ve never seen one like them before. They re so intelligent that they can learn from each other without any trouble. Their brains are made out o f a mixture o f intelligence and fear. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their minds are made out o f a mixture o f intelligence and fear. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their minds are made out o f a mixture o f intelligence and fear. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their minds are made out o f a mixture o f intelligence and fear. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their minds are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their minds are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their minds are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains. Their bodies are made out o f metal that i s almost as strong a s their brains.

up. I looked down at my reflection. It was nt me anymore. It was just another mirror. A mirror that showed me what I wanted to see. I could feel myself getting closer and closer to death. My eyes began to water up as I realized how much time had passed since I last saw my reflection. The reflection was gone. All that remained was a small hole in the wall where it used to be. I tried to move my arms but they would nt budge. Then suddenly I heard someone talking behind me. Hey buddy what s up What happened Where am I Who are you I asked him. He turned around and stared at me. His face was blank. He did nt even look human anymore. I felt bad for him. I knew that if I kept looking away from him I d end up like him. But I also knew that if I kept looking forward I d never get anywhere. So I decided to try something different. I walked over to where the man was sitting and sat down next to him. We talked for hours until finally we broke apart. After some time I finally broke free from my bonds and headed towards the door. As soon as I entered the room I noticed something strange. There were no mirrors in sight. They all seemed to be empty except for one. A mirror. I stared into it for a moment before turning around and running back inside. When I got outside I found myself staring into the mirror. I saw myself standing there looking back at me. I smiled. I knew exactly what I needed to do. I grabbed the mirror and put it into my pocket. I pulled out my phone and called my parents. They answered. Hello Dad I m sorry to bother you but we ca nt allow you to leave without being told. Please come inside. I told them. They nodded. Alright then. Let s go. I followed them into the house. Inside I found myself sitting on the couch watching TV. I watched as the news anchor spoke about how she had found her soulmate. She said that she loved him too much to let her go without knowing 

apers who were born in the year AD. They lived in a small village in rural India where they had no idea how to use their technology. One day while walking down the street one of them noticed something strange. He looked up at the sky and saw that there was nothing there except for a giant cloud of dust floating above him. As soon as he turned around he realized what happened. There were people everywhere who could see the cloud and they all seemed confused. What did they do What happened Where am I Who are these people Why ca nt they understand me I m sorry sir but we re not allowed to talk about your past. We ve been trying to figure out how to get rid of you since you were born. But it seems like every time someone asks why you re here we tell them that you should go home. That s right sir. You ll never see your family again. And then he heard a loud bang behind him. He ran over to where he saw the cloud and jumped back into bed. When he woke up he found himself staring at a large screen. On it were pictures of people all dressed up in black suits and ties. Some wore sunglasses others wore masks. One man stood next to him and said You know what I think we should leave now. Let s find another way. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Spelling and grammar. I do nt know why I wrote this but I did. It s just too much fun to write anyway. EDIT Formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that 

apers are people who have lived their whole lives in the past. They re all born with a certain amount of knowledge but they never really know what it means to be human. When they were young they would learn everything from computers and programming and then they d go back home and try again. Nowadays most people just want to live forever. But I guess that s okay because Ima scientist after all. My parents told me that if I ever got into trouble they d give me some money and let me go back to school. So I did. After all I had no idea how much longer I could keep doing this. Eventually I decided to take up writing. It took me several years before I realized how much work I needed. I wrote about everything from the first time I saw a computer screen to the last time I heard a voice. Then one day I came across something interesting. A small notebook. Inside was a note written by a man named John Smith. He said that he d seen enough movies to know that he should probably leave. As soon as I opened the notebook I felt something warm touch my shoulder. I turned around and saw a woman standing next to me. She wore a white dress shirt and jeans. Her hair was tied back into a ponytail and she smiled at me. Hi John. How are you feeling today She asked. Good. You look great. What happened to your notebook I shrugged. Well... I guess I forgot to put it together. I replied. Oh yeah Well I guess I forgot to put it together too. That makes sense. She laughed. Yeah well I suppose I should probably tell you that I m sorry about your notebook. I mean I ve never actually written anything before. I thought that maybe I should just give it to someone else. Maybe I could find someone who would understand. Or maybe I could just leave. Either way I hope that you enjoy reading this. If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required t o use object.awning level cooking required

awning.YCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYCYC

awning on your porch you see a man standing there with a knife in hand. He says something about being a good person and then he starts stabbing you repeatedly until you stop breathing. You look down at yourself in the mirror and realize that you ve never seen such a beautiful woman before. Her hair is blonde her eyes blue and she wears an elegant dress shirt. She smiles at you and says You re welcome. As soon as she leaves you feel like you should go back inside. But instead you do. You walk into your house and find yourself staring at a large window overlooking the city. There are people everywhere. Some are wearing masks others are holding guns. They all seem to be trying to kill you. One guy shoots himself in the head while another holds his gun to his chest. He falls to the ground unconscious. Another guy grabs him by the shoulders and pulls him closer. Finally after several minutes of fighting he finally gets up and runs off into the night. You sit there stunned. What happened Where am I Who are these people How did they get into my house Why ca nt they stop killing me Why does everyone else seem to be dead Why ca nt they just leave me alone You try to speak but nothing comes out. You can barely move. Your head hurts so bad that you feel like you need to rest. Suddenly you hear footsteps coming closer. They re getting closer. You turn around and see two men walking towards you. One of them is wearing a mask and he holds a gun. He points it at you and says Do nt worry about us. We ll take care of everything. Just stay calm. We ll make sure everything works out okay He pulls the trigger. You wake up in a hospital bed. Your heart rate is increasing rapidly. Your breath is shallow and your chest hurts. You try to stand but you ca nt move. Your head hurts so bad that you feel like you need to rest. Suddenly you hear a voice behind you. Hey buddy. Are you okay  

awning. I do nt know what happened but i was so excited that i did nt even bother asking him out. He said yes and we went back home together. It s been years since then and i still remember every single time i saw him. He looked like he d seen something different than himself before but this time it was different. His eyes were blue and his hair was blonde. He wore glasses which were too big for him and his nose was crooked. The only thing that made sense about him was how much he loved me. When we got back home he told me that he had no idea why he would leave me behind but i knew better than to ask him. So i decided to take advantage of his opportunity and give him some advice. First off you should never trust anyone else. Second if you want to get married or have kids then you need to learn how to use your hands properly. Thirdly if you re going to marry someone who will love you back then you need to practice. Fourthly if you re going to have kids then you need to practice. Fifthly if you re going to have children then you need to practice. Sixthly if you re going to have children then you need to practice. Seventhly if you re going to have children then you need to practice. Ninthly if you re going to have children then you need to practice. Tenthly if you re going to have children then you need to practice. eleventhly if you re going to have children then you need to practice. eleventhly if you re going to have children then you need to practice. eleventhly if you re going to have children then you need to practice. eleventhly if you re going to have children then you need to practice. eleventhly if you re going to have children then you need to practice. eleventhly if you re going to have children then you need to practice. eleventhly if you re going to have children then you need to practice. eleventhly if you re going to have children then you need to practice. eleventhly if you re going to have 

omesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomes

ocus. I m not sure how long it s been since I last wrote something like this but here goes... The world was spinning around me as I watched the sun rise over the horizon. My eyes were closed as I stared into the sky. It seemed like hours until finally the sun rose over the horizon. A few minutes later the ground began to shake violently. A loud bang rang out as the ground shook again. I looked down at myself in the mirror. My hair was long and messy. I had dark brown eyes and green skin. I could see tears welling up inside of them. What the hell happened I thought to myself. I turned around and walked away from the door. As soon as I got out of the room I heard footsteps behind me. They sounded like someone knocking on the door. I ran over to where they were coming from and grabbed them by the shoulders. We re going to need some help getting rid of this guy. You know what we ll do. Just give us a moment. He said as he pulled out a small box from inside. Inside were two pills one blue one green. Both had a note written in big bold letters on top. This is your last chance to live forever. If you fail this time we will kill each other. Do nt worry though we wo nt hurt anyone else. Just remember that we love you. And then he left. I sat there staring at the ceiling wondering why I even bothered asking him out. After a few moments I decided that maybe I should call someone. Maybe they d understand. But instead I called my mom. She told me that she needed to go home. That night I went downstairs and got ready for bed. When I woke up I noticed that my phone was still ringing. I picked it up and answered. Hello Mommy Are you okay I asked. Yes honey. How can I help you today Well... I guess I should tell you something. My phone has been ringing lately. It s not working properly. I think it might be because of some kind of problem with my battery. Maybe it s just too much power. I replied. Yeah well let me check it out. I put my phone 

awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s simple.awning. The meaning o f this sentence i s

awning. I m not sure what happened but it was pretty bad. My wife died when I was young and she had no idea how much money she could make off selling drugs. She thought that if I took her away from me then maybe she d never see me again. But as soon as I got home from school one day I saw her sitting on the couch watching TV. Her eyes were wide open and she looked scared. What s wrong honey I asked. Nothing just... she said. Well we re going to need some time off from work today. We ll see if we can get some sleep tonight. You know what I mean. I nodded. Yeah sure thing dad. Let s go. As soon as we leave the house I ll tell you everything about myself. About how I am who I am what I want to be. And then I ll leave. That night I went downstairs and sat down next to my son. He looked up at me with tears in his eyes. Dad I love you so much. But I ca nt let you go without knowing who I am. If you ever need anything just call me. He hugged me tightly and kissed me on the forehead. Thank you son. I whispered into his ear. I closed my eyes and let go of him. When I opened them again he was gone. I stood there frozen in shock. There were no signs of struggle or injury anywhere. Just nothing. I tried to move my arms but they would nt budge. I felt as though I was falling apart. Then suddenly everything changed. Everything became clearer. There was a woman standing over me. She wore a white dress shirt and jeans. Her hair was tied back into a ponytail and she smiled at me. Hello. How are you feeling today I asked. Good. She replied. Are you okay I asked. Yes. She answered. Are you sure you want to come back I asked. Sure thing. She said. I walked over to her and put my hand on hers. Do nt worry about it. Just stay here. I promise. She 

awning. I woke up in the middle of the night. My eyes were closed but they did nt seem to open. There was no way I could be awake right now. The room was dark except for the light from the window above me. It seemed like someone had taken off my glasses and put them on. I tried to move my head but it would nt budge. Then suddenly everything went black. I felt like I was floating through space. I looked around for anyone else who might have seen me but none came. All I saw was darkness. I started to panic. What if someone had gone insane Or maybe they d died off. But then I remembered something. I could remember everything. Everything from when I was young to now. And yet... I could never remember anything else than what happened. I felt like I was being watched. I ran outside into the cold winter air. As soon as I got inside I heard footsteps coming closer. They sounded like they came from somewhere behind me. I turned around and saw them standing there looking at me with those big green eyes. They smiled and waved. Hey buddy what s up You re awake. How are you feeling today Yeah... good. Just got ta get some sleep. Do nt worry about me though. We ll figure something out soon enough. Thanks. I nodded slowly. Yeah yeah. Let s go. I followed him down the street. When we reached our destination I noticed that everyone else was gone. Everyone except for me. I stood there frozen. I thought maybe I should call someone. Maybe they d understand why I was alone. Maybe they d forgive me. Or maybe they d forget about me altogether. Either way I knew that I needed to find someone. Someone who cared enough about me to care enough about me to help me. Someone who would listen. Someone who would love me unconditionally. Someone who would always be there for me whenever I needed him. Someone who would always be there for me when I needed her. Someone who would always be there for me when I needed her. Someone who would always be there

ridge. I m sorry but this is nt what I wanted. This was nt what I wanted. It s not what I wanted. I ve never done anything like this before. My whole life has been filled with these things. They re so scary. So... scary. But then again they re also very intelligent. They can understand everything about me. And yet they ca nt tell if I m crazy or not. So I guess I ll have to find another way to kill them. Maybe I can try something different. Maybe I can get rid of them altogether. Or maybe I can start over. Either way I hope that someday someone will find out about me. ive been writing this for a while so please give me some feedback. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile

onymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymous

ikersICLE. The first o f the three lies... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The second o f the three lies... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The third lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The fourth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The fifth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The sixth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The seventh lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The eighth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The ninth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The tenth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The eleventh lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I n the year. ICLEICLE. The twelfth lie... I

ive been working here for years now and i still ca nt believe it. I ve never seen anything like this before. The walls are covered with posters of people who look like they re about to die from gunshot wounds or something but then again maybe that s just me. I mean Ima good guy right But what if there s no one else around What if they re all dead What if there s nothing left for them to do But then again maybe that s just me. I mean Ima good guy right But what if there s no one else around What if there s nothing left for them to do But then again maybe that s just me. I mean Ima good guy right But what if there s no one else around What if there s nothing left for them to do But then again maybe that s just me. I mean Ima good guy right But what if there s no one else around What if there s nothing left for them to do But then again maybe that s just me. I mean Ima good guy right But what if there s no one else around What if there s nothing left for them to do But then again maybe that s just me. I mean Ima good guy right But what if there s no one else around What if there s nothing left for them to do But then again maybe that s just me. I mean Ima good guy right But what if there s no one else around What if there s nothing left for them to do But then again maybe that s just me. I mean Ima good guy right But what if there s no one else around What if there s nothing left for them to do But then again maybe that s just me. I mean Ima good guy right But what if there s no one else around What if there s nothing left for them to do But then again maybe that s just me. I mean Ima good guy right But what if there s no one else around What if there s nothing left for them to do But then again maybe that s just me. I mean Ima good guy right But what if there s no one else

ikers.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE

ikers are hiking i n the woods when you heara loud shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and h e whispers one must have survived...ikers are hiking i n the woods when you heara loud shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and h e whispers one must have survived...ikers are hiking i n the woods when you heara loud shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and h e whispers one must have survived...ikers are hiking i n the woods when you heara loud shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and h e whispers one must have survived...ikers are hiking i n the woods when you heara loud shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and h e whispers one must have survived...ikers are hiking i n the woods when you heara loud shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and h e whispers one must have survived...ikers are hiking i n the woods when you heara loud shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and h e whispers one must have survived...ikers are hiking i n the woods when you heara loud shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and h e whispers one must have survived...ikers are hiking i n the woods when you heara loud shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and h e whispers one must have survived...ikers are hiking i n the woods when you heara loud shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and h e whispers one must have survived...ikers are hiking i n the woods when you heara loud shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and h e whispers one must have survived...ikers are hiking i n the woods when you heara loud shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and h e whispers one must have survived...ikers are hiking i n the woods when you heara loud shriek from close by. Your guide s eyes grow big and h e whispers one must have

omesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomesomes

awning. The sun shines down on me as I walk towards my house. I turn around to see if anyone else has seen this before but no one does. I look back at the road and realize that it s empty except for me. My eyes widen as I realize what happened. There were two cars parked outside my house. One had a large window and another had a small door. Both had tinted windows so they could nt see anything else than themselves. They both stood there staring at each other with wide eyes. The driver of the car looked like he d seen something before but this time it was different. His face was pale his hair was messy and his clothes were torn. He wore an expensive suit and tie and carried a large bag full of money. His hands were shaking uncontrollably as he held out his hand. You re welcome. I nodded slowly. Thank you. He took mine and led me inside. We sat down next to each other and began talking about our lives together. About how we used to play tag together when we were kids. How we would spend hours playing with each other. About how we d talk about everything from our childhoods to our future careers. And then suddenly he stopped talking altogether. He turned around and stared at me. What are you doing here I asked. Well... he began. I m sorry sir but I ca nt tell you exactly where I am. But if you want to call me John I ll explain everything. I replied. That s right John. I ve been living here since I was little. I think I might have died. I thought about asking him why but decided against it. Maybe he d understand. After all I was only human after all. So what happened to your body I asked. Well... he began. I woke up in a hospital bed. A nurse came in and told me that I had a concussion. She said that she tried to take care of me but I could nt move. I felt like I was falling apart. Then she gave up. I 

Coin flip A story about a modern day Roman Empire. Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the book Contents o f the

onymous. I do nt know how long it s been since I ve written anything but here goes... The man was sitting on his bed staring into space. He looked like he d seen something that would make any other person cry. His eyes were wide open and his mouth was agape. What the hell happened Where am I Who are you What happened to me Why ca nt I move My head hurt so bad that I could barely breathe. Then suddenly everything went black. A few moments later I woke up in a hospital bed surrounded by people who all seemed confused. They all stared at me with wide eyes. There were no words or gestures just a bunch of numbers floating above them. One guy spoke up. You re dead right Yeah yeah. But why Because Ima fucking idiot. And then he turned around and walked away. Another guy said something about being scared of death. That s when I realized what happened. I did nt really care much about death anymore. It was just another day at work. As soon as I got home I went straight to bed. When I opened my eyes again I saw myself standing in front of a mirror. My face was covered in scars from all of those fights. I tried to stand up but I fell down onto the floor. I felt a sharp pain in my chest. I started crying. I ran over to where I d fallen and grabbed my phone. I dialed the number. Hello Who is this I asked. No response. I tried calling the police but they would nt answer. Finally after several minutes of waiting I finally managed to get the number to talk to someone. Hey buddy what s wrong I m sorry to bother you but we need to talk. We ll take care of everything. Thank you. I hung up. I sat down next to him and stared into his eyes. They were filled with sadness. I knew exactly what he meant by that. I closed my eyes and let go of his hand. I opened them again and saw myself standing in front of a mirror. My face was covered in scars from all of those fights. I tried to stand up but I fell down onto the floor. I felt a sharp pain in my chest. I started crying. I ran over to

The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s discovered. Contents o f the book The root password for the universe i s 

ikers are a very popular method of communication. People use them as tools for communication with each other and they can use them to send messages back and forth between themselves and others. This allows them to learn from each other without having to worry about getting caught up in some sort of mess. However once someone knows what they want to hear they can use this technology to make sure they get what they want. For example if you want to read a book without knowing where it will end up you might need to look at the title instead of the page. This means that when you read a book without knowing where it will end up you ll never know exactly where it will end up. But when you do know where it will end up you ll always be able to see it. And so far we ve found nothing wrong with this technology. We re still learning how to use it properly but we think it s pretty cool. The first few times we tried it on ourselves we had trouble getting used to it. We d end up getting stuck in our own head forever. That s why we decided to try it on ourselves. After all we were nt exactly human. So we figured that maybe if we could figure out how to communicate with each other without having to worry about getting caught up in some sort of mess then maybe we could finally get some peace and quiet. As soon as we got used to it though we started noticing things. First off there was no way to tell which ones were real or fake. Second there was no way to tell which ones were real or fake. Third there was no way to tell which ones were real or fake. Fourth there was no way to tell which ones were real or fake. Fifth there was no way to tell which ones were real or fake. Sixth there was no way to tell which ones were real or fake. Seventh there was no way to tell which ones were real or fake. Eighth there was no way to tell which ones were real or fake. Ninth there was no way to tell which ones were real or fake. Tenth there was no way to tell which ones were real or fake. eleventh there was no way to tell which ones were 

ikers. I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... I ve been playing this game for years now and i still ca nt get used to it. The only thing that keeps me going is my own memories. They re all gone from me and they re all just there. There s no way I could ever forget them again. But then again maybe I should have known better than to try and change them. Maybe I did nt want to be around anymore. Either way I guess I ll find out soon enough. As I walk down the street towards my car I hear someone yelling something about a new player coming through. I turn around and see him standing there staring at me with those eyes of his. He looks like he d seen some sort of movie or something. His hair is messy and his clothes are torn. What the hell is wrong with him I ask myself. Well... I guess I should say something. You know how many times I ve tried to kill myself No matter how hard I try I end up killing myself every time. That s why I decided to take action. I started by making sure everyone knew where I was going. If anyone did nt want to know where I was going I d give them some information on where I was going. Then I went back inside and told them that I needed to go home. That night I went downstairs and sat down next to him. We talked for hours until finally he broke down. Hey buddy what s wrong with you You look like you ve lost your mind. How long have you been alive I asked. About two weeks now. Do you remember anything from yesterday Yeah yeah I do. Well... I guess I should tell you something. I think I might need to call someone. Maybe they can help me figure out where I am. Okay. Let s go. I followed him outside. When we arrived at our destination I noticed that there were people walking around. Some were wearing masks others wore costumes. One woman stood next to me and she smiled at us. She held her hand out towards me and gave me a hug. Thank you 

awning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not dieawning. Suicidal person realizes h e can not

... I m sorry but this is nt what I wanted. This was nt what I had in mind when I started my career as a supervillain. It s just too much work. My parents were always so proud of me. They d say that if I could get rid of them then maybe they would have more than enough money to pay off their debts. But no matter how hard I tried I could never seem to find anyone who could help me. So instead of trying to convince them that I was a hero they gave up on me altogether. When I got home from school one day I saw a man standing outside my door. He looked familiar but he did nt seem to know who I was or where I came from. Hey buddy what s up What are you doing here I asked him. Oh nothing really. Just trying to figure out where I am. Well I guess we should go back inside then. We can talk later. He said as he walked away. As soon as I opened the door I felt something warm touch my shoulder. A small piece of paper was sticking out from inside. It read Keymaster. I stared at it for a moment before turning around and running towards the window. There was nothing there except for a single light shining through the glass. I turned around and saw that there was no one else in sight. I ran over to where I heard footsteps coming closer. I jumped back into bed and closed my eyes. Then I heard another voice. This time it sounded like someone talking to me. Hey buddy what s up What are you doing here I asked him. Nothing really. Just trying to figure out where I am. Well I guess we should go back inside then. We can talk later. He said as he walked away. As soon as I opened the door I felt something warm touch my shoulder. A small piece of paper was sticking out from inside. It read Keymaster. I stared at it for a moment before turning around and running towards the window. There was nothing there except for a single light shining through the glass. I turned around and saw that there was no one else in sight. I ran over to where I heard footsteps coming closer. I jumped back into bed and closed my eyes.

Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip Heads Coin flip

etterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetter

awns. The god of war. I ve been hunting you since I was a kid and you re my favorite. You re always there when I need you most. And then there s this one time where I got caught trying to kill you. That was pretty bad. But hey at least I got some peace of mind. So what do we do now Well first we go back home and try again tomorrow morning. Second we ll find another way out. Third we ll make sure that nobody ever finds us again. Fourth we wo nt have to worry about getting caught again. Fifth we ll just leave it at that. Sixth we ll take care of everything else. Seventh we ll make sure that nobody finds us again. eighth we ll let everyone know that we exist. ninth we ll let them live their lives without knowing who they are. tenth we ll let them die peacefully. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever. eleventh we ll let them live forever 

awningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawning 

oudly I m sorry but this is nt what I wanted. This was supposed to be my life. My parents were always there when I needed them most. They would come home from work and tell me stories about how they used to live in a small town in Nebraska. How they d go out on dates with each other every night after school. And then one day they died. That s when I realized something was wrong. There was no way I could have survived this long without them. So I decided to try something different. I started walking towards the door. As soon as I got inside I saw her standing there staring at me with those eyes that looked like they were trying to look into my soul. Her hair was messy and her face was pale. She wore a black dress shirt and jeans. She smiled at me as if she knew something important about me. Hey honey. What s up I asked. Oh nothing really. Just wanted to make sure you did nt die. She replied. Yeah well I guess I should probably explain myself. Ima little bit confused about why you re here. Why am I here Because I ve been kidnapped by aliens. They re trying to take me away from here. I thought they were going to give me some kind of weapon or something. But instead they gave me a gun. A gun that could kill anyone. And they took her away. I felt bad for her. I knew that if I stayed here I d never get any better than this. I tried to comfort myself by telling her that I loved her. That I was sorry that I hated her. But she kept saying that she needed to leave. I thought maybe she meant to tell me that she loved me too. Maybe she really did. After a few minutes I finally managed to convince her to come back. When she finally arrived I sat down next to her. We talked for hours. Eventually we decided to call it quits. I told her that I loved her and that I d miss her dearly. She agreed and we went home. I woke up early that morning and headed downstairs. I opened the fridge and pulled out 

awningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawningawning 

ikerock. I do nt know what happened to me but i m not sure if this is a good idea or not. The first thing that came to mind was how many people were transformed into gargoyles and nymphs etc and no one noticed except the one remaining humanikerock.ikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikers

ocus. I do nt know what happened but it was just like any other day. The sun shone down upon us from above and we could see everything from our own eyes. There were no clouds or rainbows just blackness. It took us a while to realize how much of an impact this had on our world. We had been living in a small town in Nebraska for years now and we never really got used to it. But then again maybe that s why we re here. Maybe it was because we wanted to learn more about the butterfly effect. Either way it seems like every day we get closer to our destination. And every night after that we ll find more interesting things. So far we ve found nothing wrong with our new world. It seems like every day we go back home we get closer to our destination. Every night after that we ll find more interesting things. So far we ve found nothing wrong with our new world. It seems like every day we go back home we get closer to our destination. Every night after that we ll find more interesting things. So far we ve found nothing wrong with our new world. It seems like every day we go back home we get closer to our destination. Every night after that we ll find more interesting things. So far we ve found nothing wrong with our new world. It seems like every day we go back home we get closer to our destination. Every night after that we ll find more interesting things. So far we ve found nothing wrong with our new world. It seems like every day we go back home we get closer to our destination. Every night after that we ll find more interesting things. So far we ve found nothing wrong with our new world. It seems like every day we go back home we get closer to our destination. Every night after that we ll find more interesting things. So far we ve found nothing wrong with our new world. It seems like every day we go back home we get closer to our destination. Every night after that we ll find more interesting things. So far we ve found nothing wrong with our new world. It seems like every day we go back home we get closer to our destination. Every night after that 

onyms are used to describe the Jedi. The Jedi Knight was born into a poor family in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere in the middle of nowhere

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first submission here so I apologize if it s bad or anything. Also sorry for any errors or typos. Edit Formatting Comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments

awning. I m sorry but this is nt what I expected. This was supposed to be a simple job. I had been working on my own case since I was little and now here I am. My client has been accused of murder and attempted rape by a woman named Evelyn Smith. She was found dead in her apartment after being stabbed by a knife. Her body had been taken away from her home by police after being stabbed multiple times. The judge looked at me with concern. What do you mean by that You re not going anywhere. You ca nt go anywhere. There s no way that you could ever get into heaven without getting caught. And why would you want to go there anyway Because Ima good person. I love my wife and kids. They re always happy to see me. But they wo nt know how much I love them. They ll never understand why I do nt want them to live forever. So I decided to take action. I started by making sure everyone knew where they were going. If they did nt know where they were going then I made sure they were safe. Then I made sure they could stay safe from harm. That way when they died I d give them some peace and quiet. After all I knew that if I killed someone I d get rid of them too. So I made sure everyone understood exactly where they were going. Everyone except me. I walked over to the window and stared out into the street. It was dark outside but I could see a few people walking by. One of them was wearing a black suit and tie. His hair was messy and he wore glasses. He smiled at me as he approached. Hey Adolf. How are you feeling today Yeah I replied. Good. Well I guess we should start by asking each other questions. Why are you here I asked. Because I need answers. He laughed. Oh yeah Well I suppose I should tell you something. I ve always wanted to meet someone new. I mean I guess I could say that I am pretty average. I shrugged. I guess I should explain myself. Ima lawyer. I work for God himself. I ve always known that he  

onyms I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes. The portal opened up in the middle of New York City and exiles started coming through.onymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymous

and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions.  and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions. and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking

ikers. I ve never seen anyone else like me before. My parents were both doctors and my father worked as an accountant. He had always been a bit of an introvert so when he came home from work one day he would sit down on his bed and stare into space. His eyes would glisten with light and he d smile back at me as if I were some sort of monster. But then again maybe it was nt so bad after all. After all if there was nothing else for him to do besides stare into space then maybe he could go back to sleep. So here I am sitting on my bed staring into space. It s almost like I m watching someone else s shadow. A few minutes pass before I hear a voice behind me. Hey buddy what s up What s going on Where am I Who are you How did you get here Why ca nt you move You re not supposed to be here. Do nt worry though we ll figure something out soon enough. We re gon na make sure everything works out okay Yeah yeah. Just stay calm. I look around the room. There s nothing wrong with being alone though. Everything seems normal. Except for one thing. There s no one else around. No one else knows how long I ve been here. All I know is that I need to get away from this place. I turn around and run towards the door. As soon as I reach it I feel something warm against my skin. It s a cold breeze. I open the door and step inside. A woman stands before me wearing a white dress shirt and jeans. She looks familiar. Her hair is tied back into a bun and she wears glasses. Hello I say. Hi she replies. How are you feeling today I ask. Oh well I guess. Good. Well what do you want to talk about today I ask. Well... I guess I should tell you something. I mean... I ve never seen anyone else like you before. I think I might have fallen asleep. That s okay though. I promise I wo nt wake you up. I nod. Okay okay. Let s go. 

aker Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. Coin tosses are for the players. 

ocus.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.ICLE.

awning. The words echoed through the room as they approached the door. Inside was a large metal box with a single button on top. Inside was a small table filled with various objects. On the table sat a small device that looked like a computer monitor. On the screen was a picture of a man wearing a suit and tie. He had long brown hair and wore glasses. His face was covered by thick glasses which were placed over his eyes. He spoke softly into the microphone. Welcome to Earth. We have come across a new planet. You may call this Earth. It s beautiful. But there are some things we need to know about this place before we can get there. First off what do you mean by Earth Well... I guess we should say that it s not exactly what we expected. There are no signs of life anywhere else. Second there s nothing else to see except for the stars. Thirdly there s no way to communicate with them without having to use their own radio waves. Fourthly there s nothing else to do except wait until they come back. Fifthly there s nothing else to do except wait until they leave. Sixthly there s nothing else to do except wait until they return. Seventhly there s nothing else to do except wait until they leave. Eighthly there s nothing else to do except wait until they return. Ninthly there s nothing else to do except wait until they leave. Tenthly there s nothing else to do except wait until they leave. eleventhly there s nothing else to do except wait until they leave. eleventhly there s nothing else to do except wait until they leave. eleventhly there s nothing else to do except wait until they leave. eleventhly there s nothing else to do except wait until they leave. eleventhly there s nothing else to do except wait until they leave. eleventhly there s nothing else to do except wait until they leave. eleventhly there s nothing else to do except wait until they leave. eleventhly there s nothing else to do except wait until they leave. eleventhly there s nothing else to do except wait until they leave. eleventhly

Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Also this is my first submission to rWritingPrompts so please forgive me if it s bad. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out more stories at rMatiWrites https www.reddit.comrMatiWrites See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

apers are nt real. I ve been doing this for years now and i still do nt know what to make of it. The only thing that makes sense is that they re all just trying to get rid of me but then again maybe i should have known better than to try and save them all. Maybe i did nt want to die at all. But hey at least i got some peace and quiet after all. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile 

ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.ikers.

ake off your helmet for a moment. The voice sounded like a child s but it was nt. It was a man s. He looked around nervously before turning back towards me. What do you mean I asked him. Well... he began. You re going to need some help getting used to this new world. We ve got ta go now. I nodded slowly. As soon as we left the room I felt something warm touch my shoulder. A small piece of paper fell off of my hand and landed on the floor next to me. It read Dragon s Lair. I opened it up and read the words dragon s Lair. My heart sank. This was nt right. There were no dragons here. No dragons. Just dragons. And they were all dead. I tried to move away but my legs would nt budge. I could feel myself slipping into insanity. Then suddenly I heard a loud bang behind me. I turned around and saw a huge dragon standing over me. Its head was covered in scales and its tail was pointed at me. I screamed. I ran towards it and grabbed its arm. It pulled me close and kissed me on the cheek. I fell backwards onto the ground. I woke up on the floor. There were two men sitting next to each other. One of them wore a white robe and carried a large sword. He held out his hand. Welcome back Mr. Dragon. I m glad you came. I said. He smiled. Thank you sir. I replied. He took mine and led me inside. Inside was a large room filled with bookshelves full of papers and pens. On each shelf was a picture of me and my wife. She was smiling too. Her eyes were wide open and she held her hand out towards me. Hey honey. How are you feeling today I asked. Good. She replied. Are you okay I asked. Yeah. Just... just stay calm. Do nt worry. He said. Okay. I ll take care of myself. I walked over to him and put my hand on his shoulder. Good luck. He whispered. I closed my eyes and let  

etterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterlyetterly

Coin tosses are for the rich and famous Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor Coin tosses are for the poor 

never did. I ve always wanted to be an artist but never had the courage or motivation to do so. I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... Ima year old man living in New York City when suddenly my phone rings. It s my mom calling me from work. She says she needs help getting rid of her boyfriend. Her voice sounds like she s trying to say something but I ca nt hear anything. What the hell is going on Where am I Who are you How did you get into my house I ask her. Oh yeah well I guess we ll see each other soon enough. We walk down the street towards our car. As we drive away from each other I hear someone yelling something about a bomb. That s when I realize that I did nt hear anything at all. There was nothing else in the world besides the sound of the bomb. When we arrive home I find myself staring at the ceiling wondering why I even bothered looking at it. After a few minutes I decide to check on my phone again. Nothing. No messages. Nothing. Just silence. Then suddenly everything changed. Everything became clearer. Everything seemed to be moving faster than usual. I felt like I was floating through space. Suddenly I heard footsteps coming closer. They sounded like they came from somewhere behind us. I turned around and saw them standing there. They looked at each other and smiled. Hey honey. How s it going I asked. Good. Well... I guess we should go see if anyone else has noticed anything strange. They nodded and walked away. I sat there stunned. Why would anyone want to kill themselves I thought to myself. Because they re afraid of dying. That s why they keep killing themselves. And now they re going to die too. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

ive been doing this for years now and i still do nt know what it is. I ve never really had much success with my life so far but when you re in charge of something that s so important that you ca nt help but feel like you should be there for it... well maybe you ll find out soon enough. The first thing I did was try to get into college. It took me several months to figure out how to make friends with people who were also good at their jobs. One day while walking down the street I saw someone who looked exactly like me except he wore glasses. He said he d seen me before and that I should come over soon. We went out for dinner after class and we talked about our lives together. After a few minutes of talking he asked if I wanted to go home. I nodded and agreed. As soon as I got inside I felt something strange. My body was shaking uncontrollably. There was no way I could move or speak. Then suddenly everything stopped shaking. Everything became dark. I woke up in a hospital bed surrounded by doctors. They told me that I was going crazy and that I needed to rest. That s when I noticed something strange. My head hurt. I tried to stand but I could nt. I started crying uncontrollably. When I finally managed to stand up I found myself sitting on a chair. A nurse came over and gave me some pills. They made me feel better about myself. As I sat there staring at the ceiling I heard footsteps coming closer. I turned around and saw a man standing next to me. He smiled and waved his hand. Welcome back Mr. Smith. How are you feeling today I asked him. Good. Well... I guess I ll just stay here until tomorrow morning. He replied. I nodded and walked away. I walked down the hallways until I reached the end of the hallway where I found myself sitting on a chair. A nurse came over and gave me some pills. They made me feel better about myself. As I sat there staring at the ceiling I 

ikers are nt really my type but I ve always wanted to be one. I guess that s why I m here today. Ima man who has lived his whole life sinfully avoiding every sin. And now he s going to die. The Devil looked at me with those eyes that were filled with hatred. You know what I mean. He said as he took off his glasses. It was a bit hard to make out what he was saying but it seemed like he d said something about being afraid of death. That s right. I replied. So how do we get rid of him I asked. Well... he began. We ll start by taking him away from here. If you want to live forever then you need to find someone else who will love you unconditionally. Someone who will always be there for you when you need them most. And then we ll go through all these things together. Like how many times have I told you about my parents being killed by a drunk driver or how many times have I told you about my friends getting married or how many times have I told you about my family being devastated by their loss. But none of these things happened. They did nt even exist. All of them were just figments of my imagination. Then I realized something. There was no way I could ever forget them. They were always there waiting for me when I needed them most. When I wanted to talk to them they would come over and sit down next to me. Sometimes they even smiled at me. Sometimes they did nt. Sometimes they just stared into space. Sometimes they laughed. Sometimes they cried. Sometimes they hugged each other. Sometimes they kissed. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes they hugged each other again. Sometimes

awned. I m God. I said. God looked at me confusedly. What s wrong with you he asked. Well... I started. I ve been here for years now and I still ca nt figure out what happened. I do nt know if this is what you were looking for but here it is. My name is God. And Ima minor diety. God replied. That s great. Now let s get started. God led us through a series of corridors until we came across a large room filled with various objects. There were also several other rooms that seemed to be made out of some sort of metal or glass. They all had a small window behind them which allowed us to see through them. As soon as we entered the room God took off his glasses and put them on his nose. He then turned around and walked away. When he left I felt my heart skip a beat. This guy must have been really drunk or something because he kept walking towards me. Hey buddy. How s it going I asked him. Good. Just fine. God smiled. So how about we go inside and talk about your new dimension I nodded. Sure thing. God led us through a series of rooms that seemed to be made out of some kind of metal or glass. There were also several other rooms that seemed to be made out of some kind of metal or glass. They all had a small window behind them which allowed us to see through them. As soon as we entered the room God took off his glasses and put them on his nose. He then turned around and walked away. When he left I felt my heart skip a beat. This guy must have been really drunk or something because he kept walking towards me. Hey buddy. How s it going I asked him. Good. Just fine. God smiled. So how about we go inside and talk about your new dimension I nodded. Sure thing. God led us through a series of rooms that seemed to be made out of some kind of metal or glass. There were also several other rooms that seemed to be made out of some kind of metal or glass. They all had a small window behind them which allowed us to see through them

icator. I do nt want t o die has made a tactical error. ICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

ikers. I m not sure how long it s been since I ve written anything but here goes... The genie granted me my wish. I could nt believe what I was hearing. My parents were both dead from gunshot wounds. They had died instantly from blood loss. My brother was also dead from gunshot wounds. And then there was me. A year old man who lived his whole life without knowing what he wanted. He never knew how much time passed before he finally decided to give up on life altogether. When he did he found himself with nothing left except to watch over his family. His wife died when he was young her son died when he was old enough. His kids died when they were young too. And finally there was me. A year old woman who lived her entire life without knowing what she wanted. She never knew how much time passed before she finally decided to give up on life altogether. When she did she found herself with nothing left except to watch over her family. Her husband died when she was young his children died when they were young too. And finally there was me. A year old woman who lived her entire life without knowing what she wanted. She never knew how much time passed before she finally decided to give up on life altogether. When she did she found herself with nothing left except to watch over her family. Her husband died when she was young his children died when they were young too. And finally there was me. A year old woman who lived her entire life without knowing what she wanted. She never knew how much time passed before she finally decided to give up on life altogether. When she did she found herself with nothing left except to watch over her family. Her husband died when she was young his children died when they were young too. And finally there was me. A year old woman who lived her entire life without knowing what she wanted. She never knew how much time passed before she finally decided to give up on life altogether. When she did she found herself with nothing left except to watch over her family. Her husband died when she was young his children died when they were young too. And finally there was me. A year old woman who lived her entire 

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed it please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first time doing something like this so I apologize if there s some grammar errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. Edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. EDIT First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. edit First time posting here so I apologize if there s some grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Also sorry about

okey pokey. I m not sure if this is what I was looking for but here goes... The doorbell rang as I opened it. My heart sank into my stomach. This was nt right. There had been no one else there before me. No one who could have done anything like this before. And yet here we are. We re all dead. All except one. He stood there staring at me with those eyes that said they d seen too much. His mouth opened wide and he spoke slowly. You know what I ll go ahead and call him. I nodded slowly. Yeah yeah. Let s get started. I walked over to him and grabbed his hand. Hey buddy how s it going I asked. Good good. How are you feeling today He smiled and shook mine. Well... well I guess I should say good. You look great. What happened last night I asked. Oh nothing really. Just got ta keep moving forward. That sounds great. Do you mind if I come inside Sure thing buddy. Let s go. As we entered the house I noticed something strange. There were no windows or doors leading outside. Instead there was a small windowless room filled with lights. It seemed to glow brighter than usual. Then suddenly everything went black. I woke up in a hospital bed surrounded by doctors and nurses. A nurse came in and told me that I needed to rest for a while. She took off her glasses and put them on. When she finally got up she looked at me and said You re awake. I nodded. Yeah yeah. Good. Let s go. As we left the room I heard footsteps coming closer. They sounded like someone knocking on the door. I ran towards them and grabbed their arm. Hey buddy what s wrong I asked. Nothing really. Just... just stay calm. Do nt worry. I promise I wo nt hurt anyone. I love you. I kissed him on the forehead and left. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

onymous. I looked down at my hands. They were shaking uncontrollably. My heart sank. What if this was some kind of joke How could I possibly be so stupid I thought about calling the police but decided against it. Instead I went back inside and sat down next to him. Hey buddy what s up he asked. Well... I guess we re not exactly sure how much money we ve got left. We ll just have to wait until tomorrow morning then we can figure out where we are. Yeah sure thing buddy. Let s go home. As soon as we get there I ll tell you everything about our new house. About how we used to live here before the war. About how we had no idea where we were going or why we were being sent here. And then suddenly everything changed. Everything became brighter and clearer. There was a light coming from outside. It sounded like someone was talking to us. Then suddenly everything went black. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

awning. I was born on a colonizing spacecraft on my way toa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destination.awning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft onmy way toa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destination.awning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft onmy way toa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destination.awning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft onmy way toa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destination.awning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft onmy way toa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destination.awning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft onmy way toa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destination.awning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft onmy way toa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destination.awning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft onmy way toa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destination.awning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft onmy way toa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o

ikers are nt supposed to be here. I ve never seen anyone like you before. You re just so beautiful. The man said as he walked away from the playground. He turned around and saw me standing there staring at him with those eyes that were always full of hope. What do you mean by that I asked. Well... he started. It s like we re all going to die eventually right I replied. Yeah yeah. But then why did you come here I mean I thought maybe if we could get some rest from our lives we d finally find someone who would love us back. Maybe they d forgive us for leaving them behind. Or maybe they d forget about us altogether. Either way I guess we ll have to wait until tomorrow morning. I nodded. Alright then. Let s go. As soon as we got inside I grabbed my bag and headed towards the door. When I opened it I found myself staring at the sky. There were clouds above us and there was nothing else to see except for the stars. Then suddenly everything went black. My head hurt and my heart rate increased. I tried to stand up but I could nt move. I felt like I was falling apart. I heard footsteps coming closer. They sounded like someone knocking on the door. I ran over to where they were and grabbed their hand. Hey buddy what s wrong I asked. Nothing really. Just... just stay calm. We ll talk later. He smiled and shook my hand. Alright. Let s go. I followed him outside. After a few minutes I noticed that everyone else was gone. Everyone except for me. I stood there frozen. I stared at the ground for a moment before finally speaking. So what happened to your parents I asked. Oh well they died while playing. They did nt even bother asking why. They just wanted to play. And then they came back. They took off their shoes and put them on. Then they started running towards us. I watched as they ran through the streets trying to find anyone who might have seen them. Eventually they reached a small town called New York City. I  

awning Day I ve been writing this for a while but i cant seem t o find the right words. I m not sure how long i t will take for me t o finish but here goes... Day The following isa transcript from the first chapter o f my story. I was born on January th in New York City. My parents were both doctors and they had always told m e that when I grew up there wouldbe nothing wrong with being a doctor. They said that ifI could get through high school without having t o worry about getting sick or dying then maybe I d finally have some peace and quiet before I went back home. But after a few months o f living alone I realized that there was n o point i n trying t o make friends anymore. There was only one thing left t o d o. T o find someone else who loved m e unconditionally. And then I met her. She looked exactly like her mother except she wore glasses instead o f her hair. Her eyes were bluegreen and her mouth was open wide. We talked for hours after we finished talking about our lives together. After some time she finally gave u p o n trying t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o talk t o

ikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikersikers

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first time doing something like this so I apologize if it s bad or anything. Also sorry about formatting errors. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Sorry about that. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on

t i I m sorry but this is n t what I wanted t o hear. Fit for a king.ICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flipICLE Coin flip

awning. I m sorry but i ca nt do this anymore. I m so tired of being stuck here. I ve got ta go back home. I ll call my parents and tell them about this. They wo nt believe me anyway. I hope they re okay. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how

awnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawnawn

ikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikerikeriker

updating. I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here goes... My name is John Doe and Ima year old man living in New York City. I ve been working at a local coffee shop for years now and my boss has always told me that he d rather me stay home than go back to work. He said that if I did nt get any work done by tomorrow morning then I would have to start over again. So here I am sitting at home watching TV while waiting for my birthday to come along. It s almost like I m stuck in an endless loop of being stuck in this world. Every time I try to move on from this place I end up back where I started. And every time I try to change things I end up with nothing but blank walls. I ca nt even remember how long ago I last saw someone else. All I know is that they re gone. They re all dead. I can feel myself fading away from reality as I think about how much time has passed since I last saw them. How many years have passed since I last heard from them. How many years have passed since I last felt anything. All I want to do is sleep. To wake up tomorrow morning and see if anyone else has discovered anything. But I ca nt. I feel like I should leave. I need to find someone else. Someone who will listen to me. Someone who understands me. Someone who cares about me. Someone who loves me unconditionally. Someone who will always love me. Someone who will always protect me. Someone who will always give me strength. Someone who will always keep me safe. Someone who will always make sure I survive. Someone who will always save me. Someone who will always protect me. Someone who will always protect me. Someone who will always protect me. Someone who will always protect me. Someone who will always protect me. Someone who will always protect me. Someone who will always protect me. Someone who will always protect me. Someone who will always protect me. Someone who will always protect me. Someone who will always protect me. Someone who will always protect me. Someone who will 

... I do nt know how long it s been since I last wrote something like this but here goes... The knight who had come to slay me looked up at me with his eyes wide open. He was wearing a black robe with a white collar and a pair of leather boots. His face was covered by thick glasses which were placed on his nose. He wore a simple white robe that seemed to be made out of some sort of material that looked like glass. His hands were shaking uncontrollably as he held out his hand. My heart sank into my stomach when I saw him. A man dressed all in black robes walked towards me. He wore a simple white robe that seemed to be made out of some kind of material that looked like glass. His hands were shaking uncontrollably as he held out his hand. My heart sunk into my stomach when I saw him. A man dressed all in black robes walked towards me. He wore a simple white robe that seemed to be made out of some kind of material that looked like glass. His hands were shaking uncontrollably as he held out his hand. My heart sank into my stomach when I saw him. A man dressed all in black robes walked towards me. He wore a simple white robe that seemed to be made out of some kind of material that looked like glass. His hands were shaking uncontrollably as he held out his hand. My heart sunk into my stomach when I saw him. A man dressed all in black robes walked towards me. He wore a simple white robe that seemed to be made out of some kind of material that looked like glass. His hands were shaking uncontrollably as he held out his hand. My heart sunk into my stomach when I saw him. A man dressed all in black robes walked towards me. He wore a simple white robe that seemed to be made out of some kind of material that looked like glass. His hands were shaking uncontrollably as he held out his hand. My heart sunk into my stomach when I saw him. A man dressed all in black robes walked towards me. He wore a simple white robe that seemed to be made out of some kind of material that looked like glass. His hands were shaking uncontrollably as he held out

... I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do nt want to be here. I do n

awnICLE Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents Contents

iker has been cursed by God to be cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with the greatest terrors o f humanity but h e does i t for love.iker has been cursed b y God t o b e cursed with

ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i n my hand and my alien friend asked How was i You were n t supposed t o know.ridgeICLE I woke u p with a bong i

ridgeICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

ocky. I ve never really liked killing people but this was different. This was nt some kind of joke. It was real life. A simulation. A simulation of my own creation. My own creation. And then there was me. A man who could see into the future and know everything about himself. He could hear everything about everyone around him. He could feel everything about himself. He could taste everything about me. He could smell everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about me. He could taste everything about 

akey. The first thing I noticed was how quiet it was. It sounded like someone had been asleep for hours but then again maybe they did nt want to wake up. My mind raced through all sorts of possibilities as to what could have happened. Was this some kind of joke Did I really need to go back to sleep or something Did I really want to wake up again I looked around the room at everyone else who had gone through the same thing. They all seemed so happy to see me again. But there was something else about them. Something about them made me feel uneasy. Like they knew everything about me. And yet here we are. We re all so young. So naive. How can we possibly know each other Well let me tell you something. If you ever need anything call me. He said as he walked away from me. As soon as he left I heard him say something about being late for class again. That night I went downstairs and sat down next to him. We talked about our lives together and how much fun we d have if we could just get away from each other. After a few minutes of silence he finally spoke again. Hey buddy. What s up You look great today. How are you feeling Yeah I m fine. Just got ta keep moving forward. Do you mind if I sit down Sure thing. Let s go. As we sat down I noticed something strange about the way he spoke. His voice sounded like someone was trying to speak to him. Like he was trying to convince himself that he was actually alive. Then I realized that he was actually speaking English. I tried to explain myself but he kept repeating the same words over and over again. Eventually I decided to ask him why he kept repeating the same words. Because Ima sleeper agent. I replied. That makes sense. I thought to myself. So you re telling me that you re a sleeper agent huh Yeah. Well yeah. Then why are you telling me all this Because Ima sleeper agent. I answered. Why would anyone want to talk to me I mean I ve never met anyone who 

ocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocusocus

Contents o f the case The defendant i s charged with murder. H e has been sentenced t o death by lethal injection. H e will b e executed within days o f this event. Contents o f the case The defendant i s charged with murder. H e has been sentenced t o death b y lethal injection. H e will b e executed within days o f this event. Contents o f the case The defendant i s charged with murder. H e has been sentenced t o death b y lethal injection. H e will b e executed within days o f this event. Contents o f the case The defendant i s charged with murder. H e has been sentenced t o death b y lethal injection. H e will b e executed within days o f this event. Contents o f the case The defendant i s charged with murder. H e has been sentenced t o death b y lethal injection. H e will b e executed within days o f this event. Contents o f the case The defendant i s charged with murder. H e has been sentenced t o death b y lethal injection. H e will b e executed within days o f this event. Contents o f the case The defendant i s charged with murder. H e has been sentenced t o death b y lethal injection. H e will b e executed within days o f this event. Contents o f the case The defendant i s charged with murder. H e has been sentenced t o death b y lethal injection. H e will b e executed within days o f this event. Contents o f the case The defendant i s charged with murder. H e has been sentenced t o death b y lethal injection. H e will b e executed within days o f this event. Contents o f the case The defendant i s charged with murder. H e has been sentenced t o death b y lethal injection. H e will b e executed within days o f this event. Contents o f the case The defendant i s charged with murder. H e has been sentenced t o death b y lethal injection. H e will b e executed within days o f this event. Contents o f the case The defendant i s charged with murder. H e has been sentenced t o death b y lethal injection

ikers are nt allowed to be seen until they ve been taken off their helmets. I m not sure what happened next but it was pretty much just a bunch of people walking around with nothing else to do except watch the movie. The first thing that came out of my mouth was a little bit weird. My dad had been sitting there staring at me with his eyes closed. He looked like he d seen something that would make anyone cry. Then he started talking again. Hey buddy how s it going You re doing great today. How are you feeling Yeah I guess. What s wrong with you Well... well... I mean... I guess I should tell you something. Ima little nervous about going home tonight. Maybe I ll get some sleep tonight. But then again maybe I wo nt even notice. So... what if I do nt want to go home anymore What if I ca nt find anyone else Why would I want to stay here anyway Because Ima fucking idiot. And I think I need to talk to someone. Someone who knows how to deal with things. Someone who can help me figure out how to live without having to worry about getting caught up in some sort of shitstorm. Someone who will listen to me when I need them most. Someone who will give me advice on how to deal with things. Someone who will take care of me when I need them most. Someone who will protect me when I need them most. Someone who will keep me safe from these monsters. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

akey God goes into retirement and leaves it up to the people o f Earth t o decide the next God.anskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyanskyansky

apers are people who have been affected by the disease called the flu. They were born with a mutation which caused them to become unable to speak or move. The doctors told me that if I did nt get enough help from them then they would kill me. But I knew better than to try. So I went through with it. When I got home from school one day I saw my mom sitting on her bed watching TV. She looked up at me with tears streaming down her face. Her eyes were closed and she had no idea what to say. What do you mean by that she asked. Well... I replied. It s like being stuck in a loop. You ca nt move or talk or anything else. Just listen to your own voice. And then there was silence. Then suddenly everything changed. Everything became clearer. There was no way I could see anything again. My mom started crying again. Oh god she whispered. This is nt happening. I tried to comfort her but nothing worked. I felt like I was falling apart. I knew that if I kept listening to her voice I d lose control of myself. So I decided to call the police. They arrived shortly after and took me away. After a few weeks I finally managed to convince them that I needed help. They gave me some pills and told me that I should stay here until they found someone else. That night I slept soundly. When I woke up I found myself lying on the floor. My head hurt and I could barely breathe. I tried to stand but I fell down onto the ground. I heard footsteps coming closer. I turned around and saw my dad standing over me. Hey Dad he said. How are you feeling today he smiled. Good he replied. Yeah I m fine. Just wanted to tell you how much fun we ve had today. We talked for hours until finally he gave up. He walked over to me and hugged me tightly. Do nt worry son he whispered. I ll make sure you re okay. Thanks dad. I nodded. Good luck. I closed my eyes and waited for him to open them again. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please

ikers are not allowed t o read books until they have been read bya bookikers. The following isa transcript from the bookikers. I m sorry if this is nt exactly what you were looking for but here goes... A man walks into a bar with no one around and says You r e welcome. He turns around and sees you standing there staring at him with those eyes that look like they ve seen too much movies. H e smiles and nods and says Well then let s get started. You walk over t o him and sit down next t o him. H e takes off his glasses and puts them on his nose. Hello there. How are you feeling today Yeah I guess. What happened t o your bookikers Well... well... I guess I forgot them. They were gone too. That s fine. Just stay calm. Do nt worry about them. They wo nt hurt you. Just keep walking. Okay. Let s start with the basics. First off I think I might need some help getting rid o f these things. Second off I ca nt tell you exactly how many times I ve tried t o kill myself because I feel like I should just let them go. Third off I think I might have gotten sick. Fourth off I think I might have lost my mind. Fifth off I think I might have fallen asleep. Sixth off I think I might have died. Seventh off I think I might have gone insane. Ninth off I think I might have lost everything. eleventh off I think I might have lost everything. tenth off I think I might have lost everything. eleventh off I think I might have lost everything. eleventh off I think I might have lost everything. eleventh off I think I might have lost everything. eleventh off I think I might have lost everything. eleventh off I think I might have lost everything. eleventh off I think I might have lost everything. eleventh off I think I might have lost everything. eleventh off I think I might have lost everything. eleventh off I think I might have lost everything. eleventh off I think I might have lost everything. eleventh off I 

onymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymousonymous

awning. The dictator s voice was deep and booming like a thunderstorm. He looked around at all of his people who were watching him from across the room. They all seemed so happy when they saw me. But then again maybe it was just because I had no idea what to expect. My parents told me that my father would never let me go back home after school so I figured maybe I should try something different. So I went to school. I studied hard and learned everything there was to know about politics. After graduating I started working at a local coffee shop. It was pretty good pay too. Then one day while walking down the street I heard someone talking about a new law being passed by the government. It said that if anyone ever found themselves in trouble they d have to pay for it themselves. That s how I met her. She was beautiful. Her hair was blonde and she wore an elegant dress shirt and jeans. She smiled at me as she walked towards me. Hey honey. How are you feeling today Yeah I m fine. Just wanted to say hi. What s wrong Well... I started. Oh nothing really. Just... I ca nt seem to get used to this new world. I mean it seems like every time I come here I feel like I m being watched. I tried talking to her again but nothing came out. I guess I ll call you later. Thanks. Bye. I hung up. As soon as I got home I decided to take a walk outside. As I approached the road I noticed something odd. There were no cars parked anywhere else. I turned around and saw her standing there staring at me. She looked scared. I could tell she knew what I wanted to hear. Then suddenly she spoke again. You re going to need some help getting rid of this guy. He s not exactly popular around here. I nodded slowly. Yeah well I guess I ll give him a call. Thanks. I followed her inside. When we reached our destination I took off my shoes and put them on. I ran outside and grabbed a bag of food. I ate it slowly and watched as the sun rose above the horizon. I closed my eyes and waited for the  

akerive been writing this for years now and i still do nt know what to make of it. I ve never really had much experience with writing before but when you re trying to get into the habit of doing something like this you tend to get used to it. It s not exactly easy being able to write without having to use your hands or feet. But it does work. And then there are those who think they can just go back home and start over. They re wrong. There are people who want to live forever. People who want to die. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. People who want to live forever. 

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first time writing something like this so I apologize if it s bad or anything. Also sorry for the formatting errors. Edit Formatting Comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments

a mouse pointer move across your field o f vision right click and delete an object.uckleICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

