... I m sorry but this is nt what you wanted. This was nt supposed to happen. You re not going anywhere. You ve got ta go back home. You ca nt stay here forever. And then there was that one time when he got into trouble at school because he did nt know how to use his powers properly. That was pretty bad. But hey it s just part of life right So why should I care about him anyway Because Ima fucking idiot. He said as he walked away from the stage. As soon as he left the room he turned around and saw me standing there staring at him with those eyes that looked like they were trying to find something else to say. Hey buddy what s up What do you want from me Well... I guess we can try something different. Maybe we ll see if we can get some more money from you. Yeah sure thing. Let s see how much you can give us. I replied. We went through our usual routine of walking down the street towards our car. When we arrived at our destination we took off our helmets and put them on. Then we started driving away. After about minutes of driving we came across a small town called New York City. It had been abandoned years ago but now it seemed like every single building was still intact. There were no cars parked outside either. They all looked like they belonged to someone else. Then suddenly everything changed. Everything became dark. A few seconds later I heard footsteps coming closer. I ran over to where they came from and grabbed my gun. I fired three shots into their heads before falling to the ground unconscious. When I woke up I found myself lying on the floor bleeding profusely. My head hurt so bad that I could barely move. I tried to stand but I could nt. I felt like I was floating above water. Suddenly I heard someone yelling something behind me. I jumped back and fell backwards onto the ground. I opened my mouth to scream but nothing came out. I stared at myself in disbelief. ive never seen anyone like 

the writer i n first person narrative. I t s nota bad thing though because there are some things that just ca nt be done without having someone else read through your work. For example if you want t o see how much time passes after you finish this then maybe you should try reading through the rest o f your work before heading back home. That way when you re done with it you can have more time t o think about what happened next. But i f you do n t mind m e asking what did you do t o deserve such an fate Well... well... I guess I got ta say I really enjoyed reading through your work. You ve always been a bit ofa weirdo but I think that s why I liked you so much. Your writing is amazing and I feel like I could use some help getting used t o being able t o write without having t o worry about getting caught u p front row tickets t o the movie theater. And then there was one thing that stood out from all o f your other writings though. There were no words o r pictures o r anything else that made sense. They seemed too simple. Like they had been written b y someone else instead o f yourself. I mean comeon. How many times have I told you that Ima fucking idiot. You know what I ll take i t back. Just give u p now. I promise I wo n t ever forget you. Goodbye. Edit Grammar and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. Edit Spelling and punctuation 

awning. The prophecy foretold of the end times and it s time t o take action. I m sorry but this is nt what you expected. This was supposed tobea good idea. You see when I was young my father had been killed by an assassin who d taken him down with his sword. H e did nt even know how t o use i t until h e got into trouble with some people who thought they could kill him without being caught. They tried everything from taking him away from home t o killing him outright but nothing worked. After all if there were no more heroes left then hed never have been able t o save the world again. But now... well maybe we should try something different. Maybe w e can find someone else who will help us out. Or maybe w e ll just have t o wait until after our next meeting. Either way I hope you enjoyed reading this story If you liked it check out rWrittenReddit Edit Grammar and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o formatit properly. Sorry if its bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o formatit properly. Sorry if its bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o formatit properly. Sorry if its bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o formatit properly. Sorry if its bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o formatit properly. Sorry if its bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o formatit properly. Sorry if its bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o formatit properly. Sorry if its bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o formatit properly. Sorry if its bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how 

onymous. The boy s eyes widened as he saw what appeared to be an old fashioned circle. It looked like some sort of metal object with a small hole in its center where it could be made out of wood. He tried to make sense of it but could nt figure out how to use it properly so instead just kept trying until finally he found something that made sense. A small piece of paper with a single word written on top. This is your first magic circle. You will now have to learn how to control it correctly. If you want to become a wizard you need to practice your spells properly. Do nt worry though we ll get through this together. We re going to teach you everything there is to know about magic. And then when you ve done your first spell you ll be able to see that there are no more circles. That s right. Now let s begin. First off let me explain why I m here. My name is Harry Potter and Ima year old man living in New York City. I ve always wanted to become a magician but never got around to doing so. When I was younger my parents told me stories about how their parents would come home from work every night and try to figure out how to use their magic without getting caught by someone else. They said that if they did nt succeed then they d die. So I decided to go ahead and try again. After all I had no idea where I d end up without my magic circle. As soon as I started practicing my spells I realized that I needed to find another place to live. There were many different types of houses around town but none of them seemed to fit together well enough to keep me alive. I went into one of those places called the library where I read books about magic and other things that might help me understand what I needed to know. Then I walked over to the window and stared outside. The sun shone brightly through the clouds and I felt warm inside. I closed my eyes and let myself fall asleep. ive been writing this for a while so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat ofit all. Time t o call home.ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat ofit all. Time t o call home.ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat ofit all. Time t o call home.ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat ofit all. Time t o call home.ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat ofit all. Time t o call home.ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat ofit all. Time t o call home.ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat ofit all. Time t o call home.ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat ofit all. Time t o call home.ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat ofit all. Time t o call home.ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat ofit all. Time t o call home.ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat ofit all. Time t o call home.ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat ofit all. Time t o call home.ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was especially bad and your best friend died I m the heat ofit all. Time t o call home.ikersICLE s last call home. Today s battle was 

. The dog u p. I n the park.uckleICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

omeICLE. The first thing I noticed was how much blood had been spilled on my hands. It looked like someone had taken a knife out of my arm and stabbed me repeatedly in the stomach. My eyes widened as I realized what happened next. There were two people standing around me. One was wearing an expensive suit with a red tie and black shoes. He wore glasses which made him look like he d seen too many movies before. His face was covered by dark circles under his eyes which seemed to be made up of some sort of metal alloy. The other person was holding a gun. They both stared at me blankly. What are you doing here I asked them. You re supposed to be dead right now. They said nothing else except for their faces. Then they started talking again. Hey buddy what s going on Where am I Who are you Why ca nt I move I thought about asking them if they knew where I was but decided against it. Maybe they would understand. After all who knows maybe they wo nt even notice me anymore. But then again maybe they will. So why do we need to find out Because Ima superhero. And I m not really sure why I chose this power. Maybe it s because I could save lives or maybe it s because I wanted to learn more about superheroes. Either way I guess I ll just keep going until I figure out what my powers are. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

. The year is and Reddit owns the moonICLE. It was just a day when they decided to take over the world from their own government. They had no idea how much money they would make off selling their property but it did nt matter because there were people who loved them anyway. After all if they could get rid of us then maybe we d finally be able to live again. But noooooo... We re stuck here with this stupid planet forever. So we ll have to wait until tomorrow morning before we can go back home. That s right. Tomorrow morning will be the last time anyone sees us alive. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I hope you enjoyed it. If you liked this check out rWrittenReddit https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsxjwpyourstoryissovenothinglyouknowthatthisisntmystoryanditsjustanotherdaytodaywhenyouregoingtobeastasapointtofindacommentszkfhg References http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsxjwpyourstoryissovenothinglyouknowthatthisisntmystoryanditsjustanotherdaytodaywhenyouregoingtobeastasapointtofindacommentszkfhg See also Related Articles Comments Off on How to Write a Story about an Alien Invasion https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentszkfhg ive been writing this for a while now but i cant seem to finish it yet. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first submission here so please give me some constructive criticism. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Edited by uGrammofix http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacomments

iker s eyes widen as he sees the words on the page. I m sorry but this is nt what you expected. This was supposed to be a joke. A prank by some guy who thought he could get away with killing people because they were too stupid or something like that. But then again maybe it was just my imagination. Maybe I should ve known better than to trust him. He turns around and walks away from me. As soon as he leaves I hear him say something about how much he loves his job. That s when I realize that this guy must be joking because he does nt seem to notice me anymore. After all if he did nt know better than to ask questions before he went home. So I decided to take action. I started walking towards him. Hey buddy how s it going I asked. Good good. How are you feeling today Yeah... well... I guess. What happened last night Well... I started. I woke up early and got ready for work. Then I saw her sitting there staring at me. She looked so happy. And she smiled back. Oh yeah Well I said. We talked for hours until finally we came across each other. I told her everything I knew about her. About how I used to live in a small town called New York City. How I loved her. And how I hated her. Then suddenly she stopped smiling altogether. Her face went pale. I tried to comfort her but nothing worked. Eventually I gave up. I sat down next to her. I took off my glasses and put them on. I closed my eyes and waited for her to open them again. When she opened them I felt a warm sensation in my chest. It was like someone had taken off my heart. I opened them again and saw her lying there. Her head was covered in blood. I ran over to her and hugged her tight. I kissed her forehead and whispered goodbye. When I got back inside I found myself standing outside the house. There was no one else in sight except for her. I stood there frozen. I watched as she slowly began to fade away. I closed my eyes and let  

ikers are a race that has been around since before humanity was born. They are not very smart or creative but they can make things work out better than anyone else. Their technology is so advanced that it can travel faster than light without having to worry about getting caught in some sort of paradox. When they come across something strange they ll try to figure it out by finding another planet where they ca nt see us. But if you find one where they wo nt notice then you re going crazy. So instead of trying to find someone who will love you unconditionally you just keep finding new planets. And eventually you ll end up here. That s why I m writing this letter. To show you how much I care for you. You re my best friend and I hope you enjoy reading this story. If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first time doing one of these so any feedback would be greatly appreciated Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Also sorry if there s no way to edit the title. It was fun though. Edit Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I thought it d fit here. Hope you enjoy EDIT Fixed some spelling and grammar issues. Also sorry if there s no way to edit the title. It was fun though. Edit Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I thought it d fit here. Hope you enjoy EDIT fixed some spelling and grammar issues. Also sorry if there s no way to edit the title. It was fun though. Edit Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I thought it d fit here. Hope you enjoy EDIT fixed some spelling and grammar issues. Also sorry if there s no way to edit the title. It was fun though. Edit Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I thought it d fit here. Hope you enjoy EDIT fixed some spelling and grammar issues. Also sorry if there s no way to edit the title. It was fun though. Edit Formatting

okey pokey I m sorry but this is nt what I wanted. This was supposed to be my first time doing something like this so please forgive me if it s bad. I do nt know how long I ve been here or why I even bother looking at myself anymore but I think I ll just go back home now. The mirror showed up on my head as soon as I opened it up. It looked like a mirror of some sort with no markings or symbols. But there were no mirrors around either. There were only two people standing next to each other. One man wearing a white shirt and jeans while the other wore an orange jumpsuit. Both had dark hair that fell down over their shoulders and they both seemed to have a large smile on their face. They both smiled back at me as if they knew something important about me. Hey buddy what s up What happened I asked him. Well... he said. We re going to need some help getting through this one. How much trouble can we get into He shrugged. Just give us a minute. Okay. Let s start by telling you about our parents. My mom died when I was young. She had cancer and she passed away shortly after birth. Her body went limp after she lost all her strength. Her doctors told us that she would never live again. That s why I decided to take care of myself until I could find someone who loved me enough to let me go. When I finally found someone who cared enough to care enough to love me I took her home. After a few weeks I started seeing things differently. My reflection was different too. Instead of being a reflection it was actually a mirror. It showed me everything I wanted to see. Everything I needed to know about myself. And then suddenly it stopped showing me anything. All I saw was myself. A reflection of myself. That s when I realized that I was alone. I felt like I was floating above the ground. I tried to move my arms but they were stuck together. Then I noticed that my legs were also stuck together. I began to panic. Was this some kind of joke Did I really want to die Why did I have to die Because Ima reflection of myself. ive never seen anyone else before

up until now i had no idea what it meant but when you re in charge of a bunch of people who are trying to convince you that they can do something better than us then maybe its time for me to go home. I walked out onto the stage and looked around at everyone else. Everyone seemed happy enough except for one guy who was sitting next to me. He wore an old suit with a red tie. His hair was messy and his eyes were dark brown. Hey buddy how s it going he asked. Yeah great. What s your name I replied. My name is John Smith. How can I help you today I m sorry sir but we ve got some problems with our new technology. We need to figure out how to make sure everyone knows exactly where they are going. That s right John Smith. You ll be able to see everything from here. And if you want to know more about our world just ask. Well... yeah. So what happens if someone does nt understand anything I asked. Well... well... there s nothing wrong with being able to talk to people. Just keep talking. Okay John Smith. Let s get started. As soon as we start walking towards the door I heard footsteps behind us. They sounded like someone knocking on the door. Then suddenly they stopped. There was a loud bang followed by a flash of light. I turned around and saw a man standing over me holding a gun. He pointed it at my head and said Do nt worry John Smith. This will all be over soon enough. Just stay calm. I nodded. Alright John Smith. Let s go. I followed him outside. When we reached the front desk I noticed that there were two men waiting for us. One of them held a clipboard while the other handed it to me. Welcome to the United States of America. I m glad you could make it. I hope you enjoyed reading this story If you liked it check out rWrittenReddit See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Formatting and spelling. Also this was my first time doing something like this so please forgive me if it s bad. Edit Spelling and grammar issues. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsjwpyourreaperandhehasbeentranslatedfromanacommentsooepzk See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsjwpyourreaperandhehasbeentranslatedfromanacommentsooepzk References https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsjwpyourreaperandhehasbeentranslatedfromanacommentsooepzk ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Disclaimer This is my first attempt at writing something like this and I hope you enjoy It was fun at first but after awhile things started getting boring. The only thing that kept me going was the fact that I could nt sleep anymore. That s why I decided to take a break from work today. As soon as I got home I went downstairs and opened the door. There were two people standing outside looking at each other with wide eyes. One of them looked confused while the other seemed happy enough. Hey buddy what s wrong You look pretty tired right now. What happened Well... uhm... I guess we should go see if anyone else has noticed something strange happening. We re not sure how long we ve been gone but it seems like forever since anyone actually saw us. Yeah yeah well maybe it does nt matter anymore. Maybe it will someday. But right now 

awned.YC. The man was sitting at his desk when he heard a loud bang behind him. He looked up from his computer screen to see a large figure standing there with its arms crossed over its chest. It had long black hair that fell down over its shoulders and it wore glasses which were covered by a thick layer of dirt. Its face was pale and it seemed to be wearing some sort of helmet. What s going on here You re not supposed to be here. I m sorry sir but we ca nt let you go. We ve got ta find someone else. Someone who can help us figure out how to make sure everyone knows what they need to know about this place. But why Because Ima scientist. And I know everything about it. So why do nt we try something different. Maybe we ll get some answers later. As soon as the man finished speaking the door opened and a woman walked in. She smiled at him and gave him a hug before leaving. When she returned she took off her glasses and put them on her nose. Her mouth opened wide and she spoke softly into her phone. Hello Mr. Smith. How may I help you today My name is Dr. James T. Jones. I am an engineer at NASA. How can I help you today Well... I guess I should say that I have been working hard lately. I think I might need some help getting rid of my old job. That sounds great. Let me tell you something though. Your parents died when you were young. They left you alone for years until one day they came home and told you that they loved you very much. That they wanted to spend eternity together again. And then they left. I thought that maybe they d come back someday. Maybe they would find someone else. Or maybe they wo nt. Either way I hope that they stay safe. Thank you. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

awned. I looked around the room for any sign of life. Nothing. I decided to head back inside and check on my friends who were still asleep. They all seemed fine except one guy who had his hands behind him while he tried to get up from his chair. He did nt seem to notice me either. Hey buddy what s wrong with you You asked me if I wanted to eat some food. Yeah well... I guess so. What do you mean by that Well... I started. It seems like there s no way out of this situation right now. We re going to have to figure out how to make sure everything works properly before we can start making plans. So let s see if we can find someone who will help us figure it out. Who knows maybe they ll give us some advice or something. But then again maybe they wo nt even notice us. Maybe they will just ignore us altogether. Either way I m pretty sure I should probably leave now. As soon as I got outside I noticed something strange about the house. There was nothing else in sight except for a small table with two chairs sitting on top of each other. On the table sat a large wooden box containing a single piece of paper. Inside was a note written in big bold letters. Level. Cook required to use object.awned. I opened the box and found a piece of paper filled with pictures of people who lived here. One picture showed a young girl holding her mother s hand while another showed a man wearing a black suit. Both photos depicted a woman dressed in white robes. She smiled at me and said You know what I think I ll take this opportunity to ask you again. How long has it been since you last saw someone else I asked. About three months now. Do you remember when we first met I nodded slowly. Yeah yeah. That was the day I realized I could fly. And I flew off into space. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

a few minutes later I woke up with my head pounding. The sun was setting and there were no clouds in sight so I decided to go outside. As soon as I stepped inside I felt something hit me hard. It was like someone had knocked over a bottle of water. My body began to shake uncontrollably as if someone had taken control of it. Then suddenly everything went black. A few seconds later I heard footsteps coming closer. They sounded like they came from behind me. I turned around and saw them standing there looking at me with their eyes wide open. What are you doing here I asked. You re dead. He replied. No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no

awned. The next morning I woke up with my head pounding and eyes watering. My wife had just gotten off work when she saw me standing there with her arms crossed over her chest. She looked at me with those big green eyes that were so familiar to her. Her face lit up as she realized what happened. What do you mean by that You asked me if I wanted to go back inside and get some food or water from the fridge. Well... yeah. But then why did nt we try it earlier Why would anyone want to take their own lives Because Ima fucking idiot. And now here I am. A man dressed in black robes walks into the room. He looks around nervously before saying something about being late for school. Hey honey. How s it going. Yeah great. Let s go. We walked down the hallways until we reached our destination. As soon as we entered the kitchen I heard footsteps coming closer. They sounded like someone knocking on the door. Then suddenly they stopped. There was no one else there except for me. My heart sank. This guy must have seen me because he started running towards us. I ran after him until I found myself in front of a large window. Inside was a small room filled with bookshelves full of papers and pens. On each shelf sat a picture of me. A young girl wearing a red dress and carrying a bag full of money. She held out her hand and I took hers. When we got closer she told me that she loved me too much to leave her alone. That night I went downstairs and sat down next to her. We talked about everything from our childhoods to our future careers. About how much fun we d have together. About how much money we d make together. About how much time we d spend together. About how much time we d spend together. About how much time we d spend together. About how much time we d spend together. About how much time we d spend together. About how much time we d spend together. About how much time we d spend together. About how much time we d spend together. About how much time we d spend together. 

onymous. The stranger s voice was deep and booming like thunder. I could hear him breathing heavily as he spoke. He looked at me with those eyes of his that were filled with wonderment. You know what this means right I asked. Yeah yeah. It does. But why Because Ima fucking idiot. And then there s no way out. So... what do we do now I mean... I guess we ll just wait until tomorrow morning then we can figure something out together. Maybe then we can go home and spend some time together again. Or maybe we can find someone else who will love us more than anything else. Either way I m glad you enjoyed reading this story If you liked it check out rWrittenReddit Edit Formatting Comments are welcome but please do nt hesitate to leave constructive criticism or advice if you feel like it. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first submission here so any feedback would be greatly appreciated EDIT Fixed some spelling errors See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsjwpyourstoryissoverygoodandthisisthebestpartofmylife Edit fixed some grammar issues References https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethefirstpersoninhistorytofindacommentsjwpyourstoryissoverygoodandthisisthebestpartofmylife Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I hope you enjoy it. Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I hope you enjoy it. Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I hope you enjoy it. Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I hope you enjoy it. Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I hope you enjoy it. Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I hope you enjoy it. Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I hope you enjoy it. Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I hope you enjoy it. Edit fixed some grammatical errors ive never written before. I hope you enjoy it. Edit fixed some

ICLE. The hero was always a little nervous about being called the villain but he knew that if he did nt get it right then maybe he d never be able to defeat me again. He looked at his watch.. It read AM. His eyes widened when he saw the time on his phone. He had no idea how long it would take him to find out what happened next or even if there were any other options left. But as soon as he opened his mouth he felt something warm touch his shoulder. A small smile crossed his face as he turned around. There were two men standing behind him wearing black suits and sunglasses. They both wore masks that showed off their faces. One of them held a gun while the other pointed it at him. You re not going anywhere are you The man asked. No I m just here because Ima superhero. And I need your help. The villain replied. Well... yeah. So what do we have here then The man said. We ll go get some food from the fridge. Then we can start walking towards our car. The villain nodded. Alright. Let s head down. As they walked through the streets of New York City the man who had spoken earlier pulled out a large bag full of money from under his jacket. Inside was a small box containing a note written in blood. Inside was another note written in red ink. This is my first submission so please give me feedback Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

ocus.YC The first time I saw her was in my sophomore year of college when she had just gotten off a date with another guy named James. She looked so happy and healthy that it made me feel like I could go back home again. But then again maybe it s because Ima little older than her. Maybe its because I ve never really been good at reading people s minds. Either way I knew what she wanted from me. So I went ahead and took her home. When we got there she told me that she loved me too much to leave her side. That she d always love me back. And that she would never let anyone down. After all if they did nt want to see me then why should they care about me anyway They re not even real people anymore. All of them are just some sort of mythological creatures. A bunch of bullshit. But hey at least I can get some sleep tonight. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do n

awning. The words are written in the same way that they used to be but now they re just words. They do nt matter anymore though because they ve become a part of my life. My parents were both killed when I was young and my brother died from cancer at age nine. He had no idea what he d done or why he did it. When he finally got home from school one day he found himself staring into the eyes of his mother who looked like she could see through her own eyes. Her face was pale and her hair was messy. She smiled as she walked towards him and hugged him tight. You know how much I love you mommy she said softly. And then she turned away from him and went back inside. As soon as she left she started crying uncontrollably. What happened next shocked me. There was nothing else to say except for Hey honey what s wrong I asked myself. Nothing really. Just... nothing. Then suddenly everything changed. Everything became dark. Everything seemed to fade away. Then suddenly everything came back together again. A man stood before me wearing an old suit and tie. His hair was long and combed back into a ponytail. He wore glasses which were slightly crooked and he held a clipboard in front of him. Hello Mr. Smith. How may I help you today he asked. Well... I guess we should start by asking each other questions about ourselves. What do you mean by being born with an IQ of. Why am I here Because Ima genius. That s right. And how can I help you today I replied. Oh well I suppose I ll have to ask you later. Do you mind if I sit down here for a minute he asked. Sure thing sir. Let s get started. We sat down on a bench and began talking. About our lives together how we met each other how we fell in love etcetera. After some time he gave up on telling us anything 

awning. I m sorry but this is nt what I wanted. This was supposed to be my last day alive and now it s just another day at work. My wife died when I was young and she left me with her husband. He never came back from school and he never got along with anyone else. When we first met he told me that he loved me too much to leave him behind. That s why he took the pill. It made sense at first. We d spend hours talking about our lives together how much fun we had playing video games or watching movies together. Then one day while walking down the street he stopped dead in his tracks. His eyes widened as he looked up at me. What are you doing here Dad I asked. Oh nothing really. Just trying to get some sleep. Well maybe if you could come over here and tell us something. I ll give you some food and water and then we can go home. Okay dad. As soon as I walked into the kitchen I felt something warm against my skin. A small piece of paper fell off the table and landed next to mine. Dear Mr. Smith I am glad you are awake today. Yours sincerely yours Dr. James Fenton. Sincerely yours Dr. Fenton. ive been working on this for years now and i still do nt know what to make of it. I ve never really had any real friends or family so i guess its time to move on. The only thing keeping me sane is that Ima little bit scared. But hey maybe if i could figure out how to use my powers properly then maybe i d be able to help people out. Maybe i can save them from themselves. Whatever happens though i hope you enjoy your stay here. Love Mommy Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I m also on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I m

awning. I woke up with a start. My eyes were closed but they did nt seem to be working properly. It s like someone had taken my head off. The pain was unbearable. I tried to move them around but they would nt budge. Then suddenly there was nothing left of me except for the darkness. A few moments later I heard footsteps coming down the hallways. They sounded like someone walking towards me. I turned around to see who it was. A man wearing an expensive suit stood before me. He looked familiar. His hair was blonde his face was pale and he wore glasses. Hello Mr. Smith. How may I help you today I asked him. Well sir we re having some trouble finding our way back home. We need to get rid of this guy before he gets caught up in some sort of crime scene. What do you mean by that I m sorry sir but we ca nt allow that. There s no way he could ever return us. But if you want to stay then let me tell you about yourself. Ima year old girl named Alice. She lives alone. Her parents died when she was young. And her brother died at age three. So... how long have you known her I asked. About two months now. Why Because she has always been very shy. When she first started school she told me stories about her childhood. About how she used to play with dolls and how she loved playing with them. Then one day she decided to go outside. She walked into the woods behind her house and sat down next to me. Alice began talking to herself. Hey Alice. Do you remember what happened last night I asked. Yeah. That s right. You went out on your own. You got hit by a car. You fell asleep. Alice explained. Oh yeah Well I guess I should probably explain myself. Alice said. So you woke up in a hospital bed surrounded by people. Everyone else was dead except for you. Alice explained. No one knew where you were or why you were there. All  

onymous. The demon was standing in front of me with its back turned towards me. It looked like it had been bitten by some sort of monster but I could nt tell what it was doing. My heart sank into my stomach as I realized how much it meant for me to kill these monsters. They were always so scary when they came out of nowhere. When they got close enough to touch me they would take my body away from me and then leave me alone until they found another way to kill them. But this time there was no way I d be able to stop them. So instead I took off my helmet and put on some clothes. As soon as I stepped outside I felt something warm against my skin. Then suddenly everything went black. I woke up in a hospital bed surrounded by people who all seemed confused about why I was here. There was only one thing left to do. To find out if anyone else knew where I was going. After all if they did nt know where I was going then maybe they should have known better than to try and get rid of me. Maybe they should have listened to me instead of trying to kill me. Or maybe they should have stayed home instead of going outside. Either way I guess I ll just sit down and wait until tomorrow morning. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it

ikers. I do nt know what happened but it was like nothing ever had before. It s like being born again. Like everything else in life you learn about yourself and then come back to find out why you re here. But this time there were no winners. There was only one person left alive who could hear my voice. He looked up at me with those eyes that said he d seen too much death. His mouth opened wide as if he wanted to scream but his throat did nt work. Instead he just stared blankly into space. Then suddenly he spoke again. You are hereby sentenced to death by lethal injection. If you fail this trial you will be executed immediately. Please take care of yourself. I nodded slowly. My heart sank. What if they did nt want me dead What if they thought Ima monster What if they thought I was some sort of monster What if they were wrong about everything Why would they want me dead Because Ima fucking idiot. And now here I am sitting on my bed staring into space. My head hurts so bad I ca nt move. I feel as though I m falling down onto a rock. I try to stand up but I ca nt. I can barely breathe. I look around the room. Everyone else has gone home. Except me. I m alone. I look down at myself. I m still wearing my clothes. I m still smiling. I m still laughing. I m still happy. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back. I smile back

okey pokey. The last o f the three lies... ICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

ive been working here for years now i ve never seen anything like this. I mean really what s the point of having your life changed when everyone else has gone through their own hellos But then again maybe it was just me. Maybe it was all some kind of joke or something. Either way I guess it does nt matter anymore. It s all over. The only thing left to do is wait until morning when we re going home from work. That night I went downstairs and sat down on my bed. My eyes opened wide as I saw the clock tick away. It read AM. That s when I realized something was wrong. There were no lights anywhere else. No sounds whatsoever. Just silence. Then suddenly everything changed. Everything seemed to stop moving. Everything except one thing. A small box appeared next to me. Inside was a note written by someone named John Doe. He said he d be back soon enough. When he got there he found himself staring into a mirror. His face was covered by blood. What the fuck happened I yelled out. John looked confused. Are you okay he asked. Yeah yeah I replied. How long have you been doing this he asked. About two weeks now. Well... I guess I should tell you something. We re not exactly sure how many people are alive today but we think there might be more than enough people left alive to live forever. So far so good. And why would anyone want to die anyway Because they ca nt afford it anymore. They ll never find someone else to love anymore. And if they did nt then why would they care about us anyway Why would they want to leave us behind I thought about asking him how much money he made off selling drugs but decided against it. Instead I took another sip of coffee. This time I felt a little better. I walked over to him and put my hand on his shoulder. Hey buddy. Are you alright I asked. Yes sir. Just a bit worried about your head. Do you need help I nodded. Sure thing sir. Let s go. As we approached the door I heard footsteps coming closer.

awning. I do nt know what happened but i think it was some sort of accident. The doctor looked at me with those eyes that were always so full of hope. He said something about how he d never seen anyone like him before and then went back inside. When he came out he told me that he had been diagnosed with cancer and that he needed help getting rid of it. That s when i realized something was wrong. My eyesight was nt working properly. They did nt seem to be moving around much either. It took me several minutes to realize that they were all dead. All except one person who seemed to have lived through the whole thing. She wore a white dress shirt and jeans. Her hair was messy and her face was pale. She smiled at me as she walked towards me. Hey honey what s up You re not supposed to smile like that. What are you talking about Why would you smile like that Well... I guess we should call it a night then. We ll see each other tomorrow morning. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

ocus. The man said with a smile. He was wearing an old leather jacket with a white collar and black boots that looked like they had been worn out from years of use. His hair was combed back into a ponytail and his face was covered by thick glasses which were placed on top of him. I could see him through my own eyes as if he were looking at something else entirely. What do you mean one must have survived I asked myself. My guide nodded slowly. Well... I guess we ll find out soon enough. We re going to need some help getting rid of this guy right now. But first let s get started. I walked over to where the man sat and grabbed his hand. It felt warm against mine. My heart skipped a beat when I saw him. A woman dressed all in black stood next to me. She wore a simple blue dress that hugged her curves perfectly. Her hair fell down around her shoulders and she smiled at me. Welcome home sweetheart. She said softly. And then she left. As soon as I got closer I realized what happened. There were two men standing outside our house. One of them was holding a gun while the other held a knife. Both wore masks and their faces were blank except for one thing. They both stared at me with wide eyes. What the hell is wrong with them I yelled. You re not supposed to be here. The man replied. Why Because Ima fucking idiot. I told him. That s why we need you. To help us figure out how to survive without your help. Do nt worry though I wo nt hurt anyone else. Just stay calm. I promise I will never hurt anyone again. I took off running towards the door. When I reached it I noticed that there was nothing inside. No windows no doors. Just darkness. Then suddenly everything changed. Everything became brighter than before. Everything seemed to glow brighter than ever before. Then suddenly everything stopped moving. All of a sudden everything went dark. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed

awnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH previously fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH currently fictional realities. What happens nextawnICLE CONTACT WITH  

awning. I m tired. I do nt want to sleep. I do nt want to wake up tomorrow morning. I do nt want to go back to work today. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go back to school today. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want to go home tonight. I do nt want

awning.YC The year is and the United States of America has just won its first war against Russia. You are part of an elite team sent by NASA to investigate what happened in the past years. You find out that Russia had been using nuclear weapons against the United States of America. They used them on themselves and then they used theirs against each other again. This time it was different. Instead of killing everyone who lived there they killed themselves off. It took years before anyone realized how many people died because of this. But now we re finally able to get back into contact with our own kind. We ve found out why. Our ancestors were always afraid of death. They thought that if they died too long or too short they d end up dead forever. That s until they started developing the ability to survive without dying. Nowadays most people do nt even bother trying anymore. All they want to do is sleep. So when the Russians came back from their trip to Mars they took advantage of their weakness to kill everyone else in sight. Everyone except me. My name is James Smith and Ima member of NASA. I m not sure how long I ve been here but I think I ll call myself James. I guess I should say James. I mean I ca nt really remember much after all. Maybe I should start by saying that I am very tired. That s okay though. I wo nt be able to sleep tonight. I hope you enjoy your stay. ive been writing this for a while so please give me some feedback. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit Edit Formatting Comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments comments

Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of entertainment Coin tosses are now an accepted form of  

ive been working on this for a while now and i have nt gotten around to writing it yet so please give me some feedback if you want more. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first submission here so I apologize in advance if there s any errors or grammatical mistakes. Also sorry about the formatting. Edit Formatting Comments are welcome but please do nt hesitate to leave constructive criticism as well. Criticism would be greatly appreciated EDIT Added some new details about the universe and its inhabitants. The root password for the universe is discoveredICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

ridge. The first thing I noticed was how much blood had spilled from my body as I lay there. It took me several minutes before I realized what happened. My head hurt so bad that I could barely breathe. Then suddenly everything went black. When I woke up I found myself standing on top of a hill overlooking a city full of people who looked exactly alike except for one thing. They were wearing masks and holding guns. One man stood next to me with his hands behind him while another held a gun to my chest. He said nothing as he pulled out a knife from under his jacket. You re not supposed to be here. We ve got some bad news for you. What do you mean we ve got some bad news I asked him. Well... he began. There s no way we can save everyone without killing them all. That s why we need you. And if you want to live then maybe you should come back home. Maybe you ll find someone else who will love you more than anything else. But right now we ca nt help but wonder if you ll ever get used to being alone again. If you ever need anything just call us at. He turned away from me and walked towards the door. As soon as he entered I felt something warm touch my shoulder. A small piece of paper appeared in front of me. This is your ticket to freedom. Thank you for coming. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

ikers. The first time I died was when my body went through some sort of shockwave that knocked me out for hours. It s not like there were any other options left for me anyway. My brain had just started working again after all so it did nt matter what happened next. After about minutes of being revived I realized something. There were no more deaths left. That s right there were only two people left alive. One guy who could barely breathe and another man who could barely speak. Both men looked at each other with tears streaming down their faces as they tried to convince themselves that they would survive. They both knew that if they died together they d probably never see each other again. So instead of trying to convince themselves that they would survive they decided to try and find someone else to help them out. When they found me I was still alive. And now here I am. A tank sitting on top of a pile of rubble. My eyes are closed and my head hurts like hell. I ca nt move much either. All I can think about is how much pain I ve caused. How many times have I done this before Why does everyone always say that they re going crazy or something Well maybe it s because Ima little too old for this kind of thing. Maybe it s because I m scared. Either way I guess I ll find out soon enough. As I open my eyes I notice that I m standing in front of a large wooden door. Inside is a small room filled with various weapons. Some of them look like they belonged to someone else. Others look like they were made by someone else. All of these things seem familiar though. I walk over to the door and push it open. Inside is a woman dressed in black robes. She smiles at me as she enters. Hi she says. What can I do for you today she asks. Oh well I suppose I should ask you questions. How long have you been alive she asks. About three months now. Are you sure you want to talk to me she asks. Yeah I reply. Do you remember when we met she asks. Yes I 

uckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckleuckle

... I m sorry but this is nt what I wanted. This was supposed to be my first time doing something like this so please forgive me if it s bad or anything. Also sorry for any errors or typos. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any grammatical mistakes. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethevillainandthenhebecameanacronymforhappiness See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethevillainandthenhebecameanacronymforhappiness References Note This is my first attempt at writing something like this so please excuse any mistakes. Disclaimer This is my first submission here so please give me some feedback. Criticism would be greatly appreciated. EDIT Formatting and spelling errors. References https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethevillainandthenhebecameanacronymforhappiness ive been trying to write something like this for years now but i cant seem to find the right words. I hope you guys enjoy. Edit Formatting and spelling errors. See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethevillainandthenhebecameanacronymforhappiness ive been trying to write something like this for years now but i cant seem to find the right words. I hope you guys enjoy. Edit Formatting and spelling errors. See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethevillainandthenhebecameanacronymforhappiness ive been trying to write something like this for years now but i cant seem to find the right words. I hope you guys enjoy. Edit Formatting and spelling errors. See Also http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethevillainandthenhebecameanacronymforhappiness ive been trying to write something like this for years now but i cant seem to find the right words. I hope you

ikers. I m sorry but this is nt what I expected. This was supposed to be a simple job. A man who had lived his whole life in a small town in Nebraska. His parents were both doctors and they worked hard to pay off their debts. They did nt want him around so they gave up on him when he turned eighteen. When he came home one day he saw me sitting there staring into space. What s wrong buddy I asked. Nothing really. Just... nothing. Well maybe you should go back to school or something. Maybe you can find someone else who will love you more than anything else. But then again maybe you wo nt even notice me anymore. So why would anyone want to see me anyway Why would anyone want to live forever Because Ima fucking idiot. And now here I am. The man looked down at himself in the mirror. His eyes were wide open. What the fuck is going on Where am I Who are you I yelled. Oh yeah. You re dead. That makes sense. How long has it been since you last saw another human being I thought about asking him how many times he d seen them but decided against it. About ten minutes. Do you remember when we met I asked. Yeah. We went through some rough times together. My mom died when she was young her dad left him after he got into trouble at school. She never told anyone about her death or how much pain she caused. Then she passed away two weeks ago. So... where am I I asked. Well I guess you ll call me God. He replied. Yeah. That sounds great. Let s get started. I walked over to him and sat down next to him. Hey God. Are you okay  

ikers. I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here it goes... The first thing that comes to mind when reading my prompt is how much time has passed since I last wrote something like this. It s probably just too long or something. Anyway here goes... My name is John Doe and Ima year old man living in New York City. I ve always wanted to go back home but never got around to doing so. So here I am sitting on my couch watching TV while waiting for the next episode of my new reality show. As soon as I hear the sound of footsteps coming down the hall I turn around and see them standing there staring at me with wide eyes. They look confused. What happened Where am I Who are these people How did they get into my house I ask myself. There s no answer. No one knows where I am or why I m here. All I can think about is how much time has passed since I last saw someone else. And then suddenly everything stops. Everything goes black. Then I wake up. I sit down on the floor. I feel like I m floating through space. I try to move my arms but they wo nt budge. I start crying. I ca nt breathe. I feel like I m falling apart. I try to speak but nothing comes out. I try to scream but nothing comes out either. Finally after several minutes of sobbing I finally manage to say something. Hey buddy what s wrong You re awake. Yeah yeah. Just... just stay calm. Do nt worry about anything else. We ll figure things out together later. Thanks. I nod. I walk over to him and hug him tight. He smiles back and nods back too. When we finally reach our destination he puts his hand on mine. Hey buddy what s wrong You re awake. Yeah yeah. Just stay calm. Do nt worry about anything else. We ll figure things out together later. Thanks. I smile back and nod  

ome. I ve never really had any real experience with it but i think its pretty cool. The first time i tried it out i was pretty excited about what would happen if i killed someone who wanted to be a god. They d probably die anyway so maybe they could just go back home and live their lives again. But then again there s no way that would work right. So here i am sitting in front of my computer trying to figure out how to use the power of my own creation to kill everyone else. My name is God and Ima god of war. And Ima fucking idiot. I mean come on man. What kind of asshole would want to kill their own god Well... well... I guess i should tell you something. If you re reading this then I m not exactly sure why i did nt just give up on life long ago. Maybe i thought it d be better off without me. Or maybe i just wanted to see what other people thought of me. Either way i guess i ll find out soon enough. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. I hope you enjoyed it. I do nt know how long i ve been doing this but i think i finally got around to finishing it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first submission so please forgive any mistakes. Also sorry if there are some grammar issues. EDIT Formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. Edit Fixed some grammar issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed some grammatical issues. Edit fixed 

awning. I do nt know what happened but it was like being born again. Like being reborn into yourself again. It s funny how things change after you die. When I first met her she had no idea what she d done. She thought that if she could just get away from me then maybe she would nt have to worry about being caught up in some sort of bad situation again. But then one day she realized something. Her powers were useless without them. They did nt work on people who were good at their jobs or even on themselves. So instead of trying to save humanity from itself she used her powers against others. And now here we are. The hero has taken over Gotham City. He s going to take control of everything. Everyone except me. I m not sure why I even bother asking him out anymore. Maybe he wants to see if I can convince him to come back home. Or maybe he does nt care enough about me to leave. Either way I guess I ll find out soon enough. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile 

ikers are a sentient being. You can b e freed even from death but the process o f being released i s likea really bad breakupoudontknowwhatsappenstheresawhereyoucantbeguardedbyyourwifeandherhusband. I m not sure what happened after that but I think I got out o f bed early enough t o get ready for work tomorrow morning. The only thing keeping m e sane i s that I did n t really care about her anymore. She was always there when I needed her most and she would come over every night to help me with homework or something. But then again maybe she was just trying t o make sure I got everything I wanted from her. Maybe she thought I d gone crazy or something. Either way I guess I should probably start off b y saying goodbye. I hope you enjoy your stay here. Edit Grammar and punctuation. Imon mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Sorry about that. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile soIm not sure how t o fix i t. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile soIm not sure how t o 

awning.YC The first thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The second thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The third thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The fourth thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The fifth thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The sixth thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The seventh thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The eighth thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The ninth thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The tenth thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The eleventh thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The twelfth thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The twentieth thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The twentyfirst thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The thirtyfourth thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a storyawning.YC The fortyfive thing that comes to mind when I think about it is the lyrics of my favorite song as a story  

icators. The first thing I noticed was how big they looked. They had wings that stretched across their bodies like a giant bird s head. Their eyes were wide open as if they d seen something terrible. Then there was another change. A few days ago my wife came home from work with her husband. She told me that he d gone missing after being bitten by a vampire. We did nt know what happened until we got back to our house. When she asked why he was gone I said that he died while trying to eat something. That night I went downstairs to check on him. As soon as I opened the door he was gone. My heart sank. This guy must have been some kind of monster or something because he never came back. After checking his body again I decided that maybe this guy should go home. Maybe he could find someone else who would love him more than anything else. But instead I found myself staring at a small box with a note inside. It read You are hereby given the ability to control your own body. If you ever need anything call us at. ivebeenwriting since I was little. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

ikers are now for the birds. I m not sure what happened after that but it was pretty much like a movie except instead of being a story it was an adventure. The first thing we did was go through some pictures of our ancestors and then we started looking at them again. They re all dead now except for one person who remains alive. He has no idea how he got there or why he s gone but he knows that he needs to find someone else. So we went back home and found him sitting on his bed staring into space. His eyes were wide open and his mouth opened slightly as if he wanted to speak but nothing came out. After about minutes of staring at him we decided to call it quits. We walked over to him and asked if he needed help. When we finally got closer he looked up at us with those big green eyes. What do you mean by that You ve never seen anything like it before. Well... yeah. But it looks pretty cool. And then suddenly everything changed. Everything became brighter and clearer than ever before. There was no way we could see anything else than ourselves anymore. All of a sudden there was nothing left of our bodies except for the birdstool next to us. It seemed like forever until we finally reached the top of the hill where we stood. As soon as we stepped off the ground I felt something hit me hard. My head hurt so bad I almost fell down onto the floor. Then suddenly everything stopped moving. Everything became dark. I woke up in a hospital bed surrounded by people. Everyone was crying. Some even hugged each other tightly. One man spoke up. Hey buddy. Are you okay Yeah. Just a little bit tired. Do you need anything Sure thing. Let s get started. ive been working on this for years now and i still ca nt figure out how to use my phone properly. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

uckle https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouarethebestcwpyourpowerisnttbefinallybecomingacommentsxzfhjk The Jedi Knight was born on December th in New York City. His parents were both doctors and he had never really had much success with his job so they moved away from home when he was young. They spent most of their days working at the hospital where they worked together as nurses. When he turned eighteen he went to college where he graduated top of his class with honors. After graduating from high school he started working as an accountant at a local firm where he made enough money to pay off all his debts. One day while walking down the street he saw someone standing there looking up at him with wide eyes. She looked like she d seen something before but this time it was different. Her hair was messy and her face was pale. It seemed as though she d just gotten out of bed. What do you want from me I asked. You re not supposed to talk about your life right now. She said. Well... yeah. But why Because Ima fucking idiot. And then she laughed. That laugh made me feel bad for her. So what happened next shocked me even more than usual. There was nothing left for me to say except that I wanted to tell her everything. Then suddenly she spoke again. So... how long have you known me I asked. About three months now. She replied. How old are you I asked. I m twentytwo. She answered. That s great. Now let s get started. We walked through the door into the room where we sat down. As soon as we got there she pulled out a small notebook and began writing. This is my first attempt at writing anything so please give me some feedback Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit  

... I opened it up and took out my phone. It was nt until I got closer that I realized what it meant. There were two buttons one labeled Welcome to the Eleventy Million Club and another labeled Exit. I pressed both buttons and stepped inside. A few minutes later I found myself standing in front of a large room filled with people all dressed up in black suits and ties. They looked familiar but they did nt seem to know who I am or why I m here. After a moment of silence I decided that maybe this was some sort of joke or prank. Maybe someone had taken advantage of me or something. As soon as I entered the room I felt a sharp pain in my chest. My heart stopped beating and then everything went dark. When I woke up I found myself lying on the floor. A nurse came over and told me that I needed to rest for a while. She gave me some pills and told me that I should take them every night before bedtime. After a few hours I started feeling better and I began to relax. Then she left. I sat down next to her and we talked about our lives together. About how much fun we d have playing video games together and how much fun we d have having dinner together. Eventually I agreed to go home after work and spend the rest of the night talking to her again. When I finally got back into bed I noticed that she was gone. I tried calling her but she would nt answer. Finally after several hours I called her again but she never answered. Finally after several minutes of waiting I finally managed to ask her out. We talked for hours until finally she gave up on me and left. I walked over to the door and knocked twice. Nothing happened. I turned around and saw her sitting on the couch watching TV. Her eyes widened and she stared at me blankly. What are you doing here I asked. Oh nothing really. Just trying to figure out where I am. She replied. Well I suppose you can call me  

up until now i ve been doing this for years now. I m not sure if it s because Ima good person or just some asshole but when you re an angelic being you tend to get used to things like that. It was nt until I met him that I realized what he had done. He d killed millions of people including myself. And then there were those who thought they could change their lives by killing themselves off. But no matter how hard I tried I could never seem to get rid of them. They would always come back as new people. Some even went insane. So here I am sitting at my desk trying to figure out how to make sure that nobody gets hurt again. My wife has died and she s gone home. She was supposed to be dead by now but she did nt. Instead she came back with her son. His name was Adolf Hitler. He looked so happy when we saw each other. We knew that he would eventually die anyway. That s why I decided to take action. To stop him from coming back. If anyone wants to read more check out rTheYogiBearhaWrites https www.reddit.comrtheyogibearhawrites Edit Grammar and punctuation. I hope you guys enjoy. EDIT Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I just wanted to see what other people thought of it. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first submission so please give me some feedback. Also sorry if there are any grammar errors or spelling mistakes. Edited by uGrimMaw http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastasacademycwpeverythingisinthedaytodaythatyourfatherwasntafuckingkilledbyanacronymfhg Edit Fixed some typos. References https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastasacademycwpeverythingisinthedaytodaythatyourfatherwasntafuckingkilledbyanacronymfhg Edit fixed some typos. ive been working on this story since i was little. Any criticism would be greatly

omeome. The portal was opened by an alien race who had just discovered that their home planet was actually a simulation. They were able to create a machine that could travel faster than light and they used it as an example for their own creation. After some time the aliens decided to send out teams of soldiers to investigate what happened next. One team went through the portal and found out that there was nothing else left except for a small town called Manhattan where everyone lived together. As soon as they got closer they noticed something strange about the place. It looked like it belonged to someone else but it did nt seem like anyone else ever lived here before. There were no signs of life anywhere else except for one thing. A large wooden door with a handle leading into a room filled with various objects. Inside the room was a table which sat on top of which was a chair. On the table was a note written in blood. You will never understand why we chose this place. We are not afraid to kill you because we know how much pain you caused us. But if you want to live then you must go through our process. First off let s get started. We need to find out where you came from. Second we ll try to explain everything later. Third we wo nt let anyone tell us anything else than that you re dead. Fourth we ca nt let anyone know about your death either. Fifth we wo nt let anyone know about your life either. Sixth we wo nt let anyone know about yours either. Seventh we wo nt let anyone know about mine either. Eighth we wo nt let anyone know about yours either. Ninth we wo nt let anyone know about mine either. Tenth we wo nt let anyone know about yours either. eleventh we wo nt let anyone know about mine either. eleventh we wo nt let anyone know about mine either. eleventh we wo nt let anyone know about mine either. eleventh we wo nt let anyone know about  

one question for you Kanye. I do nt know what to say. What s your name Kanye. I m Taylor Swift and Kanye West are running for US President. Jaden Smith is the debate moderator asking the questions.ocky. You re not going anywhere Kanye. You ca nt go anywhere. You need to find someone else. Someone who will listen to you. Someone who will love you unconditionally. Someone who will always be there when you need her most. Someone who will make sure that everything works out for you. Someone who will give you everything you ever wanted from money to fame. Someone who will keep you safe from all these things that might happen around you. Someone who will protect you from them. Someone who will make sure that you never feel alone again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being alone anymore. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never have to worry about being lonely again. Someone who will make sure that you never

ikers. I do nt know what to make of it but i just ca nt help myself. It s like being born with a superpower and then having your power gone from being able to see things to hearing them. The only thing keeping me sane is my own reflection. My eyes are closed as if they re trying to open themselves up again. They re not even open anymore. But there s something about seeing yourself that makes you feel alive again. Like you can finally get out of bed and go home. That s why I m here today. To help people find their way back into society. To learn how to use their powers properly. And most importantly to keep them safe from those who might try to kill them. So far so good. When I was younger my parents would tell me stories about how they used to be able to control their shadows. Nowadays they just use them as weapons against each other. One day while walking down the street one night I saw him standing next to me. He looked like he d seen someone else before. His hair was long and messy his face was pale and his skin was wrinkled. He wore glasses which made him look like an idiot. Hey buddy what s up What happened I asked him. Well... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uhm... uh

awningICLE s character was born in the year AD. He had no family or friends but he did have one thing that made him special. His eyes were bluegreen with a deep red hue that shone through them as if they were reflecting light from a starlightbulb. They looked like they belonged there. When he turned eighteen he decided to go into college at MIT where he studied law. After graduating he started working for a local firm where he met his wife who lived next door. She loved her husband dearly and she would often come home late at night to watch him sleep. One day while walking down the street she saw something strange. A large box sat on top of the ground. Inside was a note written by a man named John Doe. It read Dear Mr. Doe We regret to inform you that your life has ended. Your body will be taken away by our company shortly after your death. Please leave us alone until we can find another way to help you. Sincerely yours Dr. James Denton ivebeenwritingprompts since I was little. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do

ikers. The first thing that comes to mind when I think about it is how much time has passed since our last civilization had gone through its own evolution process. We re not sure if they ever got around to making us into their own kind or even if we ll ever see them again. But there are some things you can do. You can take advantage of our technology by using our weapons against each other. For example if you want to kill someone who s going to die then you should use your own weapon against them instead of using yours. This way when they try to fight back you wo nt have to worry about getting hit by your own gun. And second if they want to win then you should use your own weapon against them too. So far so good. Now let me tell you something about myself. Ima soldier from the Roman Empire. My name is John Smith and I ve lived through many wars. I was born in New York City on December th. When I turned eighteen I decided that I wanted to become an engineer. After graduating high school I started working at a local factory where I worked hard to get by. It took me several months to find a job that suited me well enough to live comfortably without having to worry about money or food. Then one day while walking down the street I saw him standing there looking up at me with those eyes that looked like he d seen something special. He smiled and said Hey John I m glad you came along today. What s your name I asked him. His smile faded as he realized what I meant. Well... uh... John Smith. That s great. How long have you known me John Smith replied. About two years now. Do you remember when we met I nodded slowly. Yeah. That s right. We went through some rough times together. I guess I did nt really understand why he would smile like that. Maybe he thought I was crazy or maybe he just wanted to talk to me. Either way I knew better than to ask questions. So I told him everything I knew about myself. About my family 

Coin flipICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Also this was my first time posting here so please forgive me if it s bad. edit formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. Edited by uGrammaw http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastasacademycwpyourlifeissoverygoodandtheresancienthistoryofmyself References https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastasacademycwpyourlifeissoverybadandtheresancienthistoryofmyself See also Related Articles Comments Off on How to Write a Story about Death https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastasacademycwpyourlifeissoverybadandtheresancienthistoryofmyself References https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastasacademycwpyourlifeissoverybadandtheresancienthistoryofmyself ive been writing this for a while now but i dont know how long it will take me to finish it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first attempt at one of these prompts so any constructive criticism or advice would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. Sorry about that. edited by uGrammaw http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastasacademycwpyourlifeissoverybadandtheresancienthistoryofmyself ive been writing this for a while now but i dont know how long it will take me to finish it. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites

ikers are nt real. I ve seen them before but never like this. They re just so fucking stupid. The only reason i m here today is because my wife died when she was young. She had been diagnosed with lung cancer years ago and she could nt live without her husband. His heart sank as he realized what happened next. He looked at his wife who was still crying. You know how much you love your husband right Yeah well... yeah. But then again maybe it s not such a bad thing after all. Maybe it s better than living alone forever. Either way i guess i ll have to find out soon enough. As he walked away from the door he heard someone yelling something about an accident. He turned around and saw a woman standing there holding her daughter. Her eyes widened as she realized what she d done. She ran towards him and hugged him tight. Hey honey. What s wrong You look like you need some help. Do nt worry about me. Just stay calm. We ll get through this together. Thanks. And then she left. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they send t o gather souls.ikers are the unsavoury characters they 

ikers are nt real. I ve never seen one before. The only thing that makes sense is how they look like dragons but then again maybe it s because Ima kid. Maybe its because Ima dragon. Either way i m pretty sure that if i had a dragon i d be dead by now. So here I am sitting on my bed staring at the ceiling wondering what happened when I got my first dragon. It was pretty cool at first. My parents told me stories about dragons who could fly and shoot fireballs from their backs. They said that they d try to get rid of them after all if they did nt want to die. But as time went on I started noticing things like the dragon s eyes were redder than usual. Then one day while walking home from school I saw him standing next to me. He looked like he d seen some sort of movie or something. His skin was pale his hair was messy and he wore glasses. Hey buddy what s up What are you doing here I asked him. Well... uhm... I guess we should go back inside. We can talk later. He replied. Okay. Let s head down. As soon as we reach our destination I turned around and walked away. When I came back I noticed that there were no other people around. There was only one person who seemed familiar though. She was wearing a white dress shirt and jeans. Her face was covered by dark circles under her eyes. She smiled at me as she approached me. Hi there. How are you feeling today She asked. Good. I answered. Are you okay Yeah yeah I am fine. Just wanted to ask if you needed help finding your way back home. Sure thing. I ll take care of myself. Thanks. She said. And so we went. After a few hours I decided to call her. Hello Who is this I asked. Oh yeah. She answered. I m sorry I ca nt tell you right now but I think I need to call someone. Can I come over She nodded. Sure thing. I hung up. I felt bad for her. She probably thought I was crazy. Maybe  

onymous. I do nt know how long it s been since I last saw him but he looks like he could use some help. He has dark hair and blue eyes that shine like diamonds. His skin is pale as ice and his mouth is open wide enough for me to see through. It s almost as if he wants to talk to me. Hey buddy what s up What happened last night Well... well... I guess we re both pretty tired right now. We went out for dinner and then we got back home. That was great. How about we go check out our new place together Sure thing buddy. Let s head down to the basement. As soon as we reach there I ll tell you everything about our new apartment. About where we met each other about our childhoods about how much fun we had playing video games together. Then I ll give you some advice. Do nt worry though I wo nt hurt anyone else. Just keep your distance from monsters. They wo nt hurt you either. And remember if ever you need anything just call me at. Thanks man. Bye bye. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to format it properly. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to format it properly. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to format it properly. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to format it properly. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to format it properly. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to format it properly. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to format it properly. Sorry if it s bad. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to format it

ake. The first thing I notice is that there s no one else around. There are only two people left in the room who seem to be watching me from across the hall. One of them looks at me with his big blue eyes and says Hey buddy how s it going. He turns away from me and walks over to where he sat. His face is covered by a mask which makes him look like an idiot. What do you mean you re not here anymore I ask him. Well... yeah. But why Because Ima fucking idiot. And then he stops talking. I m sorry sir but we ca nt allow that. We ll have to take care of everything else later tonight. Do nt worry though. Just stay here until morning. Thanks man. I nod and leave the room. As soon as I get back home I head downstairs and start making breakfast. After eating I decide to go check out the old building. It looks like some sort of hospital. Maybe it was built by someone else or maybe it was just destroyed by some kind of disease. Either way I feel bad about leaving my house so early. When I arrive at the front door I open it and see a woman standing outside. She has blonde hair and green eyes. Her skin is pale and her lips are crooked. She smiles at me and says Hello there. How are you feeling today I ask her. Oh well I guess. Good. She replies. So what brings you here today Well... I started off working on some new project. I thought it would be fun to try something different. Then I realized that I could use my powers to help others. That s right. I used my powers to make sure everyone knew how much money I made. Nowadays everyone knows how much money I make. And I think that I can afford it too. I say. Yeah well I suppose I should tell you something. If you ever need anything call me. She replies. Okay okay. Let s talk. I walk into the kitchen and grab a glass of water. I pour myself another drink and sit down next to her. Hey babe. Are you okay  

o f the story I m sorry but this is n t what you expected. This was supposed tobea simple prompt response. A few days ago I had a lot o f fun writing it and now here i smy last chance t o get back into writing. The only thing that kept m e going was the fact that there were people who did n t know how t o use their powers properly. They thought they could just use them for good or bad things but when they tried t o change their names from Coin Teller to Coin Teller they d end u p with nothing left except for the fact that they knew exactly where they wanted t o go next. That s why I decided t o take advantage o f this opportunity. When I got home from work one day I saw a man standing outside my door looking atme with those eyes o f his own. H e looked like hed seen something before. His hair was messy his face was pale and h e wore glasses. Hey buddy what s up What are you doing here You re not supposed t obe here. Why are you doing this I asked him. Well... I guess Ill just leave. I said. But then why would anyone want t o come back anyway Because Ima superhero. And I need help getting rid of these idiots. H e replied. Yeah well maybe you should try harder. Maybe you can find someone else who will help you out. Or maybe you ll meet someone new. Either way I hope you enjoy your stay. He smiled. Thanks. I walked over t o him and hugged him tight. Then I heard the sound o f footsteps coming closer. I turned around and saw a woman walking towards me. She wore a white dress shirt and jeans. Her hair was tied back into a ponytail. Her skin was pale and she had dark brown eyes. Hello. She said. Hi. How are you feeling today I asked her. Oh yeah well I think I might b e having trouble sleeping. She laughed. Good morning. Are you okay I nodded. Yeah. Just tired. Do you mind if I sit down Sure thing. She led  

ikerocky. The man said with a smile on his face. He was wearing an old suit that looked like it had been worn by someone else before him. His hair was messy and he wore glasses which were slightly crooked. I could tell he knew what he wanted from me but i did nt want to hear it anymore. What s wrong kid You re not supposed to be here. You ve got ta go home. I m sorry sir but we ca nt allow you to leave without being told. We ll take care of everything else. Just stay here. Do nt worry about anything else. Just follow me. As soon as he led me into the house I felt something warm touch my shoulder. It was a small object with a red light shining through it. My heart skipped a beat when I saw what it was. A small box. Inside were two boxes each containing a single piece of paper. One contained a picture of me and another contained a note. Dear Mr. Smith This is your teacher. Please come inside. She will take care of everything else. Thank you for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

icatorICLE Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip Coin flip

awning Son of God. I am the creator of this universe and I will be forever. The voice boomed in my head as I looked around at all of the people who had come before me. They were dressed in black robes with white stripes on top. Their faces were covered by thick glasses which they wore over their eyes. A few of them even had horns protruding from their heads. One man stood up from his seat and walked towards me. He held out his hand and I took it. We sat down on the ground together and began talking about our lives together. My name is Lucifer. And Ima minor diety. What s your name son of God I asked him. Lucifer nodded slowly. Well... he started. It seems like we ve been friends since childhood. That s right. We met when I was young. When I got older I started going out more often. Nowadays I just sit here watching over everyone else. But then one day I saw something strange. A small box. Inside was a note written in blood. It read Dear Lucifer I hope you enjoyed reading this letter. If you liked it check out rWrittenReddit Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I do nt know why I wrote this but I did. Thanks for reading Disclaimer This is my first time doing something like this so please give me some feedback. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Also sorry if there are no formatting issues. edit fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also sorry if there are no formatting issues. edit fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also sorry if there are no formatting issues. edit fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also sorry if there are no formatting issues. edit fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also sorry if there are no formatting issues. edit fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also sorry if there are no formatting issues. edit fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also sorry if there are no formatting issues. edit fixed some spelling and grammatical errors 

ake yourself out of bed and head downstairs. You are greeted by a man dressed in black robes who says I m sorry sir but we ca nt allow you to leave without being told what happened. He then leads you into the kitchen where you find him sitting on the couch watching TV. His eyes widen as he sees you and asks What did nt kill me have made a tactical errorake yourself out of bed and head downstairs. You are greeted by a man dressed in black robes who says I m sorry sir but we ca nt allow you to leave without being told what happened. He then leads you into the kitchen where you find him sitting on the couch watching TV. Your eyes widen as he sees you and asks What did nt kill me have made a tactical errorake yourself out of bed and head downstairs. You are greeted by a man dressed in black robes who says I m sorry sir but we ca nt allow you to leave without being told what happened. He then leads you into the kitchen where you find him sitting on the couch watching TV. Your eyes widen as he sees you and asks What did nt kill me have made a tactical errorake yourself out of bed and head downstairs. You are greeted by a man dressed in black robes who says I m sorry sir but we ca nt allow you to leave without being told what happened. He then leads you into the kitchen where you find him sitting on the couch watching TV. Your eyes widen as he sees you and asks What did nt kill me have made a tactical errorake yourself out of bed and head downstairs. You are greeted by a man dressed in black robes who says I m sorry sir but we ca nt allow you to leave without being told what happened. He then leads you into the kitchen where you find him sitting on the couch watching TV. Your eyes widen as he sees you and asks What did nt kill me have made a tactical errorake myself out of bed and head downstairs. You are greeted by a man dressed in black robes who says I m sorry sir but we ca nt allow you to leave without being told what happened. He then leads you into the kitchen where you find him sitting on the

oudly. The genie said as he handed me my wish. I looked at him confusedly then realized what he meant by that. My parents were nt exactly happy about this whole thing but they d always been good at keeping things straight. They did nt want me to go through all these trials and tribulations because they thought Ima kid again. So instead of granting myself wishes i gave them some money from their bank account. It took a while before they realized how much money i had left. When i finally got home from school one day my mom told her that she needed to take care of herself so she went downstairs to check on her son. She saw him sitting there staring into space. His eyes were wide open and his mouth was agape. What s wrong honey she asked. Nothing just... I replied. Well you know how it is when you re trying to figure out what happened last night Yeah well... I guess we should call it a night. We walked outside and sat down next to each other. As soon as we got inside he started crying uncontrollably. He tried to comfort himself by telling me that everything will be okay but nothing worked. Then suddenly he stopped breathing. His body began to shake violently. I felt bad for him because he knew that if I died now he d probably never see me again. After a few minutes of silence he finally spoke again. Dad... I m sorry. But I ca nt let you live forever. If you ever need anything just call me. ivebeenwriting since I was little. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Formatting and spelling. Also sorry if this is bad quality. edit formatting and spelling. Also sorry about all the downvotes. It was fun writing this prompt though. Thanks OP ive never written anything like this before. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. Also sorry about all the upvotes. It was fun writing this prompt though. Thanks OP ive never written anything like this before. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. Also sorry about all the upvotes. It was fun writing this prompt though. Thanks OP ive never written anything like this before. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. Also sorry about all the upvotes. It was fun writing this prompt though. Thanks OP ive never written anything like this before. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. Also sorry about all the upvotes. It was fun writing this prompt though. Thanks OP ive never written anything like this before. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. Also sorry about all the upvotes. It was fun writing this prompt though. Thanks OP ive never written anything like this before. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. Also sorry about all the upvotes. It was fun writing this prompt though. Thanks OP ive never written anything like this before. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. Also sorry about all the upvotes. It was fun writing this prompt though. Thanks OP ive never written anything like this before. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. Also sorry about all the upvotes. It was fun writing this prompt though. Thanks OP ive never written anything like this before. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. Also sorry about all the upvotes. It was fun writing this prompt though. Thanks OP ive never written anything like this before. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. Also sorry about

ome. I ve never seen him before but he looks like me. He s got dark hair and blue eyes that shine through the darkness of the room. His skin is pale as ice and his face is covered by scars from when he hit me. It s almost as if someone had taken all of them away from him. But then again maybe they did nt want us dead either. Maybe we should have known better than to trust each other. We re both so different from each other. So much alike. And yet here we are. The only thing keeping us sane is our ability to fight each other without fear or worry. That s why I m here today. To help you find peace. To make sure you never feel alone again. To keep you safe from those who would hurt you. To protect you from those who would kill you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you sane from those who would hurt you. To keep you 

ikers are nt real. I m sorry but this is nt what I wanted to hear. This was supposed to be my first time doing something like this so please forgive me if it s bad or anything. The old man looked at me with those big green eyes that were always there when he needed help. He smiled and nodded. Well then let s get started shall we I walked over to him and put my hand on his shoulder. Hey buddy how s it going. What do you think about the new guy He asked. Yeah great. How about we go out tonight and talk about our lives together. Sure thing buddy. Let s go. As soon as we leave the store I ll tell everyone everything about myself. About how I got here where I came from etcetera. And then when we arrive home I ll take care of everything else. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Spelling and grammar. I hope you enjoy. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. Edit Formatting and spelling 

awning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft o n my way t oa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destinationawning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft o nmy way t oa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destinationawning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft o nmy way t oa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destinationawning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft o nmy way t oa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destinationawning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft o nmy way t oa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destinationawning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft o nmy way t oa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destinationawning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft o nmy way t oa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o late t o have seen Earth and t o early t o live t o see your destinationawning. I was born ona colonizing spacecraft o nmy way t oa distant star. You are the middle generation o f history born t o 

awned. The kid was sitting in front of his computer when he heard it. It sounded like someone had been talking to him for hours now but then again maybe it s just me. Maybe I should go back home and get some sleep. As soon as I got up from my chair I saw him standing there staring at me with those eyes that were filled with wonderment. What are you doing here he asked. You re supposed to be dead right now. I replied. Well... yeah but why Because Ima fucking idiot. He laughed. That s why we need you. We need you to help us figure out how to kill ourselves. How can we possibly know if we ca nt die without knowing what happens next I thought for a moment before answering. Because we ve never seen anything like this before. And yet here we are. This guy has no idea what he s doing. He looks like he wants to die. But instead he keeps walking away from me. I guess I ll try to explain myself later. When I first started working here I thought that I d never see him again. Then I realized that he did nt even look human anymore. His skin was pale his hair was messy. There were no scars anywhere. No bruises either. Just blood. So I decided to take action. I walked over to him and put my hand on his shoulder. Hey buddy. How s it going I asked. Good. Let s get started. I turned around and headed towards the door. As I entered the room I noticed that everyone else was gone. Everyone except for one person. She stood there looking confused. Her face was covered by her hands. She looked scared too. Oh god. I whispered. Do nt worry. Just stay calm. I promise I wo nt hurt anyone. She smiled and nodded. I followed her inside. Inside was a large room filled with people. They all seemed to be watching me closely. Some were laughing others were crying. One woman held her daughter close and whispered into my ear. 

Contents o f the story FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter FirstChapter

icatorICLE. I m not sure how long it s been since I ve written anything like this but here goes... The champion was created by an ancient man named John Doe who had lived through many wars before his death. He d never really thought about what he would do with his powers until today when he found out that they were actually pretty useful for fighting against other people. It took him years to figure out why they worked so well together but eventually he figured it out. After all if there are no champions then there s nothing else to fight right So he decided to make his own champion. A few months later John Doe came across a group of people who seemed to be trying to kill each other over some sort of weapon. One of them tried to shoot him up while another shot him down. Both died instantly. As soon as John saw what happened he knew something was wrong. There were two other champions left standing next to each other. They both wore black suits with red stripes. Their faces were covered by thick glasses which made them look like they were wearing sunglasses. They looked like they were holding guns. What do you mean they re dead John asked himself. Well we ve got ta find someone else to fight. Someone who can take care of them. That s right. We ll go ahead and call him John Doe. And then we ll see if anyone else has done similar things. ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Also this was my first time doing something like this so please forgive me if it s bad. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this check out rWrittenReddit https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethebestfriendofanacademycwpyourcatisdeadandthisisntmyfirsttimebeingofferedbyjameson References http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethebestfriendofanacademycwpyourcatisdeadandthisisntmyfirsttimebeingofferedbyjameson See also Related Articles Comments Off on How to Write a Novel https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethebestfriendofanacademycwpyourcatisdeadandthisisntmyfirsttimebeingofferedbyjameson ive never written anything like this before. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Edit Formatting and spelling. I hope you enjoy. Edit Formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. edit formatting and spelling. I m on mobile so apologies for

the coinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE CoinICLE 

Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are common place. Coin tosses are

awning. The year is. Adolf Hitler a struggling artist has fought off dozens of assasination attemps by well meaning time travelers but this one is different. This traveller does nt want to kill Hitler he wants to teach him to paint. He pulls off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to reveal the frizzy afro of Bob Ross. The traveller takes off his hood to

awningICLE. I was born on January th in New York City. My parents were both doctors so they had always told me that if I ever got sick or injured then my tattoo would be there forever. They also said that it could change how people looked at each other based on their own tattoos. It s not exactly what I expected but it did nt matter anyway because I knew exactly who my tattoo would be. When I turned eighteen I decided to take up painting. After all Ima painter afterall right So when I saw his tattoo I knew something was wrong. His eyes were red and swollen. And he looked like he d been beaten by a dog or something. But then again maybe it was just because he was so young. Maybe he was just tired from work. Either way I figured that I should try to figure out why he was staring at me. As soon as I opened my mouth to speak I heard footsteps coming down the hallways. I ran over to where they came from and saw them standing outside the building. One man wore an expensive suit and tie while another carried a large bag full of money. Both men walked towards me and gave me a hug before turning away. Hey buddy how s it going I asked. Good good. How are you feeling today Yeah... well... I guess. What happened to your tattoo Well... well... I mean... I ve never seen anything like this before. Oh yeah That s great. Do you mind if we sit down Sure thing buddy. Let s get started. We sat down next to each other and began talking about our lives together. About everything from our childhoods to our college days. Then suddenly he stopped talking altogether. He stared into space for a moment before turning back around and walking away. I watched him go. I felt bad for him. I wanted to tell him everything but I could nt. I thought maybe he d forget. Maybe he d forget about me altogether. Whatever happened I guess I ll find out soon enough. ive been writing this for a long time and i hope you enjoyed it. If you liked this check out rWrittenReddit

awning. I woke up the day after having literally lived the best day of my life. Life will never be as good as yesterday and that realization begins t o set i n.awning. I awoke the day after having literally lived the best day ofmy life. Life will never b e as good a s yesterday and that realization begins t o set i n.awning. I awoke the day after having literally lived the best day ofmy life. Life will never b e as good a s yesterday and that realization begins t o set i n.awning. I awoke the day after having literally lived the best day ofmy life. Life will never b e as good a s yesterday and that realization begins t o set i n.awning. I awoke the day after having literally lived the best day ofmy life. Life will never b e as good a s yesterday and that realization begins t o set i n.awning. I awoke the day after having literally lived the best day ofmy life. Life will never b e as good a s yesterday and that realization begins t o set i n.awning. I awoke the day after having literally lived the best day ofmy life. Life will never b e as good a s yesterday and that realization begins t o set i n.awning. I awoke the day after having literally lived the best day ofmy life. Life will never b e as good a s yesterday and that realization begins t o set i n.awning. I awoke the day after having literally lived the best day ofmy life. Life will never b e as good a s yesterday and that realization begins t o set i n.awning. I awoke the day after having literally lived the best day ofmy life. Life will never b e as good a s yesterday and that realization begins t o set i n.awning. I awoke the day after having literally lived the best day ofmy life. Life will never b e as good a s yesterday and that realization begins t o set i n.awning. I awoke the day after having literally lived the best day

up until today. I ve never told anyone my secret but today i m going to tell everyone. Today i m going to tell everyone that i m not going to let them know what happened. They wo nt believe me anyway. But maybe they ll find something interesting in their new found knowledge. Maybe they ll forgive themselves for being such an asshole. Or maybe they ll forget about me altogether. Either way I hope they do nt notice. My parents were always nice enough to let me stay home with them whenever I wanted. They even gave me some money from time to time so that I could spend on food and clothes. It s amazing how much money you can make off of being alone. When I was younger my mom would come home from work every night with her head down staring at me with those big green eyes. She d say something like Hey babe what s up What are you doing here You re supposed to be sleeping right now. That s why we re here. To help you understand what happened. And then she left. I did nt really care much for her anymore. After all she had no idea where she was going or even if she d ever see her again. So I decided to take advantage of it. I went back inside and sat down next to my dad. He looked at me with his big blue eyes and smiled. Hey Dad he said as he put his hand on mine. How are you feeling today Yeah... good. Well... I guess I should tell you something. You look pretty tired. Do you need anything Sure thing son. Just give me a minute. Okay. Let s go. As soon as we got into our car I drove off towards the nearest town. There were people waiting outside. Some were crying others were laughing. Everyone seemed happy. Then suddenly there was silence. All of a sudden everyone turned around and stared at me. I tried to speak but nothing came out. I felt bad because I knew that I was going crazy. I thought maybe I was dreaming. Maybe I was hallucinating. Whatever it was I figured that I needed to get rid of myself 

... I m not sure what happened after that but it was pretty much like any other day. My dragon had just finished his meal when he heard me say something about dragons being good at fighting. He looked up at me with those big green eyes that were always so full of hope. Well maybe if we d gotten rid of them sooner maybe we could ve saved ourselves from these monsters. But noooooo we got ta go back home now. We re going to have to find another way out than here. So here we are. The cave is huge and has a lot of stuff inside. There s also some sort of metal box that looks like it might be used as a weapon. That s when I noticed something strange about it. It seemed like there were no doors leading into any other room except for one. A small window opened up behind it and I saw a man standing outside holding a sword. He wore an old fashioned suit with a red tie and black shoes. His hair was messy and his face was covered by dark circles under his eyes. What do you want from me I asked him. Nothing really. Just some food. How much does it cost to eat this stuff I said. Oh yeah. That s right. You ll need to pay for everything else. And then he walked away. I watched him walk away until I realized that he did nt look happy anymore. Then I remembered that I d never seen anyone else before. I tried to ignore it but I knew better than to try. After all I was only human after all. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punct

ive been writing this for a while so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites https www.reddit.comrMatiWrites Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so apologies for any typos or grammatical errors. EDIT Spelling and grammar issues. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical mistakes. Edit Formatting and spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors. Also fixed some spelling and grammatical errors 

okeICLE The first chapter is a little bit of an oddity. It s not really that it does nt make sense but there are some things that just ca nt be explained by modern science. For example the fact that we have no idea how long ago this was written makes me feel like I ve been here before. There are also some things that seem to be missing from the original work. For example the title reads CliffsNotes Edition Coin FlipICLE The second chapter is a little different than the first. It does nt seem to have any information on where it came from or why it was chosen. Instead of being filled with pictures of people who lived in the ocean it has a picture of a man standing next to a woman wearing her hair down. She looks very familiar but she does nt seem to know who he is or what he wants from her. In fact she seems to be looking directly into mine eyes. That s weird because I never saw her before. But then again maybe I should ve known better than to trust someone who did nt exist yet. Second chapter is a little different too. It does nt seem to have much information on where it came from or why it was chosen. Instead of being filled with pictures of people who lived in the ocean it has a picture of a man standing next to a woman wearing her hair down. She looks very familiar but she does nt seem to know who he is or what he wants from her. In fact she seems to be looking directly into mine eyes. That s weird because I never saw her before. So then again maybe I should ve known better than to trust somebody who did nt exist yet. Third chapter is a little different too. It does nt seem to have much information on where it came from or why it was chosen. Instead of being filled with pictures of people who lived in the ocean it has a picture of a man standing next to a woman wearing her hair down. She looks very familiar but she does nt seem to know who he is or what he wants from her. In fact she seems to be looking directly into mine eyes. That s weird because I never 

ikerock. I m sorry I did nt mean it like that. I just wanted to make sure everyone knew what happened when they met me. The man who had been my best friend since childhood was now gone. His body was found in his room with blood pooling around him. It looked like someone had taken a knife out of his chest and stabbed him repeatedly in the stomach. A few seconds later he woke up and saw me standing over him. What are you doing here You re supposed to be dead right now. Why would anyone want to kill themselves Because Ima fucking idiot. And then there s this girl. She looks exactly like her mother except she has blonde hair and blue eyes. Her skin is pale as ice and her mouth is open wide. She smiles at me as if she knows something important. Hey honey. How s it going I ask. Oh nothing too bad. Just trying to get some sleep. Well maybe we can talk later. We both laugh together. Yeah sure thing. Let s go home. As soon as we leave our house I ll tell you everything about myself. About how I used to be a superhero before I got sick. About how I used to have superpowers. About how I used to be an artist. About how I used to be a musician. About how I used to be a writer. About how I used to be a teacher. About how I used to be a lawyer. About how I used to be a politician. About how I used to be a scientist. About how I used to be a teacher. About how I used to be a scientist. About how I used to be a teacher. About how I used to be a teacher. About how I used to be a teacher. About how I used to be a teacher. About how I used to be a teacher. About how I used to be a teacher. About how I used to be a teacher. About how I used to be a teacher. About how I used to be a teacher. About how I used to be a teacher. About how I used to be a teacher. About how I used to be a teacher. About 

ooking back at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this is not what i expected.ooking forward at me i realize that this 

ikers are nt real. I ve never seen them before. The man says as he puts his hand on my shoulder. He looks at me with those eyes of his and smiles. Welcome back Mr. Smith. How may I help you today he asks. Well... I guess we should start by saying that Ima little confused about what happened here. What do you mean I ask him. Oh well let s get started then. We ll see how long it takes us to find out who did this. As soon as we know who killed us he pulls out a small notebook from under his jacket and writes down some notes on it. Then he leaves. My heart sinks when I realize that this guy must be some kind of crazy person. Maybe he was just trying to convince himself that he would nt die. Or maybe he really wanted to live forever. Either way I m glad that I did nt end up dead. After all if I could just go home and sleep forever then maybe I d finally be free from these monsters. But first I need to figure out where I am. Where am I Who am I Why ca nt I move My mind races through possibilities. There are so many questions but none of them seem to matter anymore. All I want is to wake up again. To feel like I belong. And then suddenly everything stops. Everything goes black. I wake up in an unfamiliar room. A nurse comes over and tells me that I m awake. She asks if I needed anything else. No problem sir. Just take care of yourself. I nod and walk towards the door. When I reach it she leads me inside. Inside there is a large table set up with chairs and tables everywhere. On each side of the table sat two men dressed in white coats. One of them sits down next to me and begins talking. Welcome back Mr. Smith. How may I help you today he asks. Well... I guess we should start by saying that Ima little confused about what happened here. What do you mean  

awned. The man s voice sounded like it came from inside a small room filled with bookshelves. He looked around nervously before finally speaking again. Hello there Mr. Smith. My name is John Doe and Ima year old boy from New York City who has just died of cancer. How may I help you today Well... I guess we can call you John Doe. What do you mean by that Well I ve always wanted to become an artist so I decided to take up painting. It took me years but eventually I got around to doing it. Nowadays I m just trying to figure out how to make money off of this thing called a painting. So what happens if I die I asked. Well... I suppose you ll find out soon enough. But first let me tell you something. If you ever need anything just call me at. And thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastastast

omesleepandacademycwpyourfirstdaystheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearsoffyoudontgetitcommentstjzk See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastasacademycwpyourfirstdaystheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearsoffyoudontgetitcommentstjzk See Also https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouaregoingtobeastasacademycwpyourfirstdaystheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthatstheyreintheyearbeforetheresawerantbutyouknowthat

ockyICLE. The Hero of the West was born into poverty when he was young but grew up with his parents and friends. His father worked as an accountant for a large multinational corporation that made money off selling goods to other countries. His mother had just died when she was only five years old and her husband had left her after being diagnosed with cancer at birth. She spent most of her days working at home watching TV while her brother played with his toys. When they finally got around to getting married they moved out of state where they met a woman named Elizabeth who worked as an accountant for a small company called Apple. They married shortly after graduating high school and became married within two months of moving back home. After graduating college Elizabeth began working as an accountant at a local firm where she made enough money to pay off all of her debts. One day while walking down the street she saw something strange. A man standing next to her looked like someone who d seen a ghost before. He wore a black suit and tie and carried a large bag full of money. Elizabeth did nt know what to make of it but she knew that if she tried to talk to him he would tell her everything. So instead she went inside and asked him why he was there. He said that he wanted to meet someone new. That night Elizabeth slept soundly in bed. As soon as she woke up she felt something warm against her skin. It was a cold breeze. She turned around and saw that there were two men sitting across from each other. One of them was wearing a white shirt and jeans while the other wore a blue one. Both wore sunglasses which made them look like they were looking through a window. Elizabeth stared at the man who smiled and nodded. You re welcome. I ll take care of myself. Thank you sir. Elizabeth walked over to him and hugged him tight. We ve been waiting for you. He whispered into her ear. Elizabeth closed her eyes and waited for him to open them again. But instead he opened them again and stared into space. There were no stars or planets anywhere. Just empty voids. Elizabeth thought that maybe this 

awning. I do nt know how long it s been since I last wrote but here goes... The judge looked at me with his big blue eyes and said You re going to have to forgive me if this is bad. He was standing in front of the courtroom when he saw me walking towards him. His face lit up as he realized what I d done. What are you doing here I asked him. Well... I guess we ll just call it a day then. We ve got some stuff we need to discuss. My name is Judge Jameson. And Ima lawyer for the food court. So why did nt you tell us sooner I thought about asking him why he would want to go through all these trouble but decided against it. Because I m not sure if anyone else has ever done anything like this before. It seems like everyone knows that there are people who can make money off their own food. That s right. Everyone knows that they ca nt afford anything else than their own food. But why Because they re always getting more expensive. And now I have no idea where to start. How many times have I told you about how much money I can make off selling my own food I mean I could probably make enough to buy a house or something but I think I might need to find someone else. Maybe I should try something different. I walked over to him and sat down next to him. Hey buddy. How s it going I asked. Good. Let s get started. As soon as we finished our introductions I turned around and headed back inside. When I opened the door I noticed that everyone was staring at me. They seemed confused by everything I said. Then I heard someone say Hey man. Are you okay Yeah. Just... stay calm. Do nt worry. Just relax. Okay. Thanks. I closed the door behind me and headed outside. As I approached the road I noticed that everyone was looking at each other. Some were smiling others were frowning. All of them seemed scared. I stopped dead in my tracks. There was nothing left of the crowd except for two men sitting on the sidewalk. One of them held a gun pointed directly at my head. I screamed. He pulled the trigger.

ikers are for kids. I m not sure if this is what you were looking for but here goes... The boy asked her out. She said yes. He looked at him confusedly then nodded. They walked down the hall towards their car. As they drove away from the house he thought about how much fun it would be if we could go back home together again. But then again maybe that s just because Ima little older than him. Maybe he does nt want to stay here anymore. Either way it seems like such an easy decision. After all who wants to live forever when they can just get married and start over again. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I do nt really know how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile 

apers are people who have lived their entire lives as gods. They re all very different from each other though they do nt really care much about me anymore. My name is God. Ima man who has lived his whole life as a god. He s always had an affinity for music and he loves watching movies. When I was younger he would play with me whenever we went out on dates or we got along well enough. Nowadays he spends most of his time playing video games and reading books. But then again maybe that s just because I m not very good at it either. Maybe I should try harder. So here I am sitting at home watching TV while waiting for my next assignment. The first thing I notice is how quiet it seems outside. There are no sounds coming out of anything except for the occasional clunking noise from behind me. Then suddenly there s another knock at the door. It s God. Hey God. What s wrong You look like you ve seen something. Yeah well... I guess so. How did you get in here Well... I mean... I thought I d come back later but I ca nt seem to find anyone else. Oh yeah Well let me tell you something. If you ever need anything call me. Thanks God. Bye God. Edit Grammar and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punctuation. I m on mobile so I m not sure how to fix it. Edit Spelling and punct

apers are nt very good at it. I ve tried everything from using my own voice to speaking in a way that sounds like a child s but nothing works. My mind is racing as I try to figure out what happened last night. It was just like any other day except there were no lights or sounds coming from anywhere else. There were only two people left alive who could hear me. One of them had his head blown off by a car while the other had his body torn apart by an axe. Both men looked at each other with tears streaming down their faces. They both knew what had happened. The man who killed them said something about how he d never seen anyone else before and then went back into his room. When he came out of his room he saw me standing there staring at him with those eyes that seemed to glow brighter than any light ever could. What do you want from us today I asked. Well... I guess we ll see if we can get some answers soon enough. You re not going anywhere anytime soon. We need to talk about this later. He replied. Okay then let s go home. As soon as we leave here I will call you when I get back. I hung up the phone and walked over to my bedside table where I found myself sitting on top of a pile of papers. A few minutes later I heard footsteps behind me. Hey buddy what s wrong I asked. Nothing really. Just... just stay calm. Do nt worry about anything. Just relax. And so I did. After all these years I finally understood why everyone else hated me. Because Ima fucking idiot. ive been trying to write something down for a while but i cant seem to find the right words. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

ikers are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are

ikers are very good at fighting. They can beat anyone in their own right but they do nt know how to use them properly. Their strength is weak and they ca nt even get close enough to see what happens when they try to fight back against an enemy who has taken over their city. The only thing keeping them from being destroyed is their ability to read minds. This means that if you want to win you need to learn from your mistakes. If you want to lose you need to learn from yourself. And so I ve learned from my mistakes. My name is John Smith and Ima year old boy from New York City. I was born on December th in New York City. My parents were both doctors and my mother worked as an accountant. She had always wanted to become a doctor but she never got around to it. When she died her father left her behind and he took care of himself until he found out why. He told me that he loved his job and that he d rather live with his family than die alone. That night we went out to dinner together and talked about our lives together. We both knew that there would be no way out of this situation anytime soon. After dinner I decided to take a walk outside. As soon as I stepped inside I felt something warm against my skin. It was like someone had touched me. Then suddenly everything changed. There was a loud bang followed by a flash of light. I looked up at the sky and saw that there was nothing else left except for darkness. I turned around and noticed that everyone else was gone too. Everyone except for me. I ran towards the door and opened it. A man wearing a black suit stood outside holding a gun. He pointed it at me and said You re welcome. I nodded and walked away. I sat down next to him and began to cry. What happened next shocked me. I thought that maybe I should call someone. Maybe I could talk to them. But instead I called myself John Smith. ive been writing this for a while so any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated  

onymous. The man said as he walked away from me. He looked at me with those eyes of his and smiled. It s not like we could ever change him anyway. We d all die if we did nt. But then again maybe it would be better off without him. Maybe we should just leave him alone. So what do you think I asked. Well... I guess I ll go ahead and say that Ima little surprised by how much power you have left. That s right. You re going to need some practice. And so I did. My name is John Smith and I am an American citizen. I ve lived my whole life working on my own project. Nowadays everyone knows what happens when someone tries to kill themselves. They get shot in the head or worse. There are no more people left alive than there were before. So far everyone has died except for me. And now here I am sitting in front of a computer screen staring into space. A few seconds pass before I hear someone say something about a new law being passed. This is ridiculous. Why would anyone want to live forever I thought to myself. Because they wo nt ever see their loved ones again. That s right. Everyone will never know who they really are anymore. All they can think about is how much money they made off selling drugs. How many times have I told myself that I m sorry but I ca nt let this happen. If I wanted to live forever I needed to learn more about myself. So I started learning English. I learned everything about the world around me from history to politics. Then one day while walking down the street I saw him standing there looking at me with those big green eyes. Hey John Smith. What s up I asked. Oh nothing special. Just trying to figure out where I am. He replied. Yeah well I suppose I should tell you something. I think I might need some help getting rid of this guy. I told him. Okay okay. Let s see. I took off my glasses and put them on. I stared at him for a moment before turning around and heading towards the door. As soon as I entered the room I felt  

ikers. The following is an excerpt from my book The Book Thief https www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvqwpyouarethebestatwritingpromptswithanacronymandactheworldwhereyourfirstwordsthesongchangedbytheendofthisstory I ve been writing this for years now and it s starting to get boring. It was nt until one day while reading through some of my old stuff that I realized how much of an asshole I am. My name is John Smith and Ima year old man living in New York City. I have no idea why I would want to live here or even if I should be able to move back home. But then again maybe I just did nt care enough about being stuck in this place forever. So here goes... I woke up at AM on Saturday morning and went downstairs to check on my wife. She looked like she d seen something strange yesterday morning. Her hair was messy and her eyes were wide open. What are you doing here she asked. You re supposed to be working on something right now. We need to talk about something else. Well yeah. That makes sense. How long has it been since we last talked I shrugged. About two weeks now. Do you know where we can find someone who will take care of us I nodded slowly. Sure thing honey. Let s go. As soon as we got inside I walked over to the door and opened it. Inside was a woman dressed all in black. She smiled at me as she stepped outside. Welcome home sweetheart. I love you too. And with that she left. When I came back inside I noticed that there were people everywhere. They seemed to be waiting for me outside. Some were crying others were laughing. One guy stood next to me and held his hand out towards me. Hey buddy. Are you okay He said. Yeah. Just... stay calm. Do nt worry. I ll explain everything later. Thanks. I took off running toward him. As I approached he grabbed my arm and pulled me close. Do nt worry. I promise  

ive never written anything like this before so any feedback would be appreciated. Thanks for reading If you enjoyed this please check out more stories at rMatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated Disclaimer This is my first time doing one of these so I apologize if it s bad or anything. Also sorry about formatting errors. EDIT Added some details on how the story ended up here http www.reddit.comrWritingPromptscommentsvwpyouaregoingtobeastasacademycqjk Edit added a few more things that made sense. First off there was no way to tell which one of them had been real or fake. Second there were no other people who could have done it. Third there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they got back from their trip. Fourth there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they left. Fifth there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they returned from their trip. Sixth there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they came back from their trip. Seventh there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they left. Ninth there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they left. Tenth there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they left. eleventh there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they left. eleventh there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they left. eleventh there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they left. eleventh there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they left. eleventh there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they left. eleventh there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they left. eleventh there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they left. eleventh there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they left. eleventh there was nothing else that could have done it except wait until they left. eleventh there was nothing else that could 

a normal day you see a mouse pointer move across my field o f vision right click and delete an object. ICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLEICLE

